*comment section185

“Damn it.” The detective rubs her temples, then exhales through her teeth. “You kids should not have gotten this close. But… this changes things. I can move on this. Tonight.”

Relief floods you so suddenly you nearly sag against the chair. Abbey lets out a long breath, and Charlie grips the arms of his seat. Zack finally breaks the silence.

“So… what happens now?”

Garcia gathers the evidence into a neat pile, her expression grim but determined. “Now? You go home. You stay safe. And let me do my job.” She fixes you with a hard look. “I mean it, Jessica. No more sneaking around barns, no more chasing leads. From here on out, it’s with the professionals.”

You nod, though inside you’re still buzzing with unease. At least this time, you’ve handed everything over directly. At least this time, it feels like Kylie and Nyx might actually stand a chance.

Detective Garcia moved fast. Warrants were signed within hours, and squad cars tore down the dirt road toward the MacReady Barn, headlights bouncing against the fields.

But when the officers pried open the reinforced trap door and stormed the hidden cellar below, the silence that greeted them was worse than any gunfire.

Kylie Addams and Nyx Poulson were already gone. Their bodies were found together on the cold concrete floor—one frozen in terror, the other curled as if he had tried, until the very end, to protect her. Surrounding them were shelves stacked with bagged powder, chemical drums, and ledgers written in a meticulous, damning hand.

Garcia’s voice was grim when she called you that night. “We were too late to save them,” she said. “But we weren’t too late to find out who did this.”

In the days that followed, the evidence spoke louder than anyone could deny. The Porsche. The Snow Queen shell company. The financial records tied directly back to Janet Di’Anglia—an alias that peeled away to reveal the woman you had once looked up to: Ms. Chase.

Your journalism advisor. Your mentor.

The police took her from her classroom in handcuffs. The betrayal was so sharp it left you dizzy.

The funerals were held together in a quiet joint service. The sanctuary overflowed with students, teachers, and neighbors—people too late to help, but desperate to say goodbye.

After the eulogies, Kylie’s parents found you first. Her mother’s eyes were red, but she clasped your hands as if she’d never let go. “You tried,” she whispered fiercely. “You brought us answers when no one else could. Kylie deserved justice—and you gave it to her.”

You swallowed hard, unable to speak past the lump in your throat.

Then Nyx’s Aunt Judy came forward, tears streaking her weathered face. She hugged you, and then Zack, Abbey, and Charlie. “He was lost for so long,” she said, “but in the end, you made sure the truth came out. That means everything.”

The praise hurt almost as much as the loss. You had wanted to save them. Instead, you had only avenged them.

Even Declan and some of the Delinquents paid their respects.

Later, when the crowd thinned and the last hymn faded, you stood with your friends in the churchyard, watching the wind move through the trees. The sky was heavy, but a single shaft of sunlight broke through, casting its light across both graves.

You squeezed Abbey’s hand and whispered, “We couldn’t save them… but at least they weren’t forgotten.”

Your words were carried away on the breeze, a vow that even in failure, their story would live on.

*if trust_jonas <= 1
  *goto_scene section186
*else
  *goto_scene section187

