*comment section75

The next day, during recess, you meet your friends at your usual spot. You spend the next few minutes catching Abbey and Charlie up on what you’ve discovered regarding Kylie. You also discuss your plan to confront Nyx.

“Has Nyx come to school today?” you ask.

Abbey shakes her head. “No, he hasn’t come into school all week.”

As you frown, Zack appears out of nowhere, and you smile. “Hi Zack,” you say. Abbey echoes your greeting, but Charlie just scowls slightly and looks away.

“Hi guys,” Zack says, “I’ve found Nyx.”

“What?” you ask quickly, “How?” At the same time, Abbey asks, “Where is he?”

Zack smiles and says, “Jessi, after I dropped you home yesterday, I decided to spy out the address I was given for Nyx. Just to make sure it was real. It turns out it is. He lives in a trailer out by the lake. He wasn’t home then, but his neighbor, who’s a total stoner, says that Nyx is planning to leave town. He says that Nyx thinks things here are too hot to remain without getting busted.”

“Whoa!” says Abbey. “Did he kill Kylie or something?”

Zack shakes his head. “No, I don’t think so,” he says, “But I’m sure it has something to do with her.”

“Zack,” you protest, “you shouldn’t have done that--it could have been dangerous!”

Zack shrugs, “Maybe. But if you want to find out what happened to Kylie, you’re going to have to make a move quickly--Nyx is leaving today.”

“Today!” you exclaim. “So how can we possibly catch him?”

Zack smiles, “Like I said, I know where he is… or rather, where he is going to be.”

“How?” you ask.

“Well, remember when I said how to contact him? The chalk on the mailbox?”

You nod. Then you gasp. “You didn’t!”

Zack grins. “I did. And if Nyx is consistent, he’ll be there in one hour.”

“A lot of good that’ll do us,” Charlie complains, “We’re still in school.”

“Unless,” you say.

“Unless!” Abbey agrees excitedly.

Zack looks at each of you. “Anybody feel like ditching?” he asks.

You stare at each other for a moment with the thrill of the idea.

“But that could be dangerous. Plus, what if we get caught?” Charlie says doubtfully.

Zack shrugs, “That’s a risk I’m willing to take,” he says. “For Kylie.”

“For Kylie,” Abbey agrees.

“Besides,” Zack says, “there’s no guarantee he’ll still be here if we wait until after school to look for him.”

Charlie looks at you, the unasked question written all over his face.

What do you do?

*choice
  #Ditch school and seek out Nyx.
    *goto_scene section69
  #Don’t ditch and try to find him after school.
    *goto_scene section65
