*comment section57

You gaze at Zack a moment longer, scrunch your face, and give him a grin. Then you put on a serious face and clear your head. “Okay, so talk to me about Nyx,” you say, “What did you find out?”

Zack smiles, “His real address--not the one on his school file. He moved out of his parents’ house the minute he turned eighteen. No love lost between them, apparently. I also found out from one of the Delinquents how to get hold of him: you have to mark his mailbox in chalk with the time you want to meet him the next day.”

“How very James Bond,” you say, “Why the clandestine operation?”

“Well,” says Zack a little uncomfortably, “He’s not just the local stoner. He’s the main pusher in Carlton. Most of the kids in school get their drugs from him. And even some of the adults.”

You look at him in surprise. Being a teenager in a relatively small town, you feel that you should have known this already. But as you have avoided every drug but caffeine since you were small, you feel that it’s probably not unusual for you to be ignorant in this regard. Even small towns have their social circles. But then a thought strikes you. “Do you think Kylie is into the drug scene?”

Zack frowns and a moment later shakes his head. “I don’t think so, she is too innocent, too pure for that.”

“So, what’s an innocent girl doing with a big, bad drug pusher like Nyx?”

Zack shrugs his shoulders. “Good question. Want to find out? I can take you to him now, if you’d like.”

You think for a moment, then shake your head. “If I’m going to confront Nyx, I’d better go prepared. We’ll go after school tomorrow if he doesn’t show up to class.”

“Okay,” Zack says. As he drives you home, you begin to talk about normal things. Family. Friends. Future wishes. By the time you step out of his truck and onto your driveway, you feel like you’ve known him forever.

“Well, see you tomorrow,” you tell him.

“Yeah,” he says, with a distracted look in his eyes. “See you tomorrow.”

You wave goodbye, and he slowly drives away.

You wonder what that look was about. Shrugging your shoulders, you walk inside the house.

*if asked_zack_dance
  *goto_scene section75
*else
  *goto_scene section64
