*comment section142

Sneaking past the teacher chaperones was supposed to be the easy part — you’d rehearsed the timing, counted the shadows, and memorized the exits. But when the moment comes, everything unravels.

The three of you slip out the side doors into the cool night, the muffled bass of the dance pulsing behind you. The parking lot smells of damp asphalt and exhaust, and the gym’s security light casts long shadows across the cracked pavement.

You’re almost to the truck when a sharp voice cuts through the dark.

“Hold it right there.”

A beam of light slices across Charlie and Zack, catching them both like deer in headlights. Mr. Hudson steps forward, his jaw tight. “Back inside. Dance isn’t over.”

Charlie tries to argue, his voice tight with panic. “Mr. Hudson, we just—”

“No excuses,” Ms. Chase interrupts as she appears beside him, clipboard tucked under her arm, her heels clicking smartly against the pavement. Her sharp eyes lock on Zack as he freezes, his fists clenching helplessly at his sides.

“Inside. Now.”

For a split second, Charlie catches your eye. His lips form a single word: Go. He flicks his hand in a sharp motion, shooing you away before Ms. Chase notices.

Your chest constricts. You want to run to them, to protest, but the adults herd them firmly back toward the gym doors. Charlie glances back once more, his expression equal parts frustration and resignation. Zack doesn’t even look — his broad shoulders are stiff as a board.
Then the double doors swing shut behind them, and you’re left standing in the shadows.

The silence presses in, broken only by the distant thump of bass from inside the dance. Cold air chills your skin, and suddenly the night feels much larger, much darker.

You’re on your own.

Your breath shakes as you force yourself to move. The plan is broken, your friends are gone, but Kylie’s trail won’t wait. You grab the duffel, its weight suddenly heavier than before, and head toward the parking lot alone.

The shadows stretch out before you like a test you never studied for. Every step away from the safety of the dance feels like stepping off a cliff.

But there’s no one left to do this but you. The only question is how.

You glance around, desperately trying to think of what you can do. The Macready Barn is only a few miles down the road, so you could choose to hoof it on foot. You wonder if the time it would take you to get there would make a difference to Kylie. As you think about it, you notice the wide gravel path that circles through the Gardens, and their waiting without its driver or any passengers is the horse and carriage Abbey had managed to secure for the dance. The driver must have stepped away for a moment. You could choose to “borrow” it and save some time. Only, you’ve never rode a horse before, much less driven a carriage. But how hard could it be?

What do you do?

*choice
  #Forget the horse and carriage and go on foot.
    *goto_scene section143
  #Try to yee-hah your way to the barn.
    *goto_scene section144
