*comment section166

The flashing red-and-blue lights paint the night in harsh colors as the last of the officers haul Ms. Chase away in handcuffs. Her face is streaked with blood, her expression twisted with fury, but her voice is lost beneath the crackle of radios and the steady bark of orders.

You stand off to the side, arms wrapped tightly around yourself, shivering despite the blanket an EMT draped over your shoulders. Your body still hums with adrenaline, and every shadow makes your skin prickle.

Then a voice cuts through the chaos. “Jessi!”

You look up to see your mom pushing past the line of officers, her hair loose from rushing, her face pale with terror. She doesn’t stop until she’s wrapping you in her arms, squeezing so tightly you can barely breathe.

“Mom,” you whisper into her shoulder, and then suddenly you’re crying, the tears you’d held back through everything spilling hot and heavy now.

She pulls back just enough to frame your face with her hands. “You’re alive,” she says, voice breaking. “Oh, thank God. I thought—I thought I’d lost you.”

Behind her, Abbey and Charlie appear, both looking battered and exhausted but safe. Charlie leans heavily on Abbey’s shoulder, his arm still wrapped in gauze from the hospital, but his grin is crooked and familiar.

“You sure know how to make an exit,” Charlie rasps, his voice weak but teasing.

“Don’t ever scare us like that again,” Abbey adds firmly, though her eyes are glassy with unshed tears.

You let out a shaky laugh, wiping your face with the back of your hand. “Trust me, I don’t plan on a repeat performance.”

Detective Garcia strides over, her expression a mix of relief and sharp reprimand. “Lane,” she says, shaking her head. “I told you this was dangerous. And still, you went headfirst into it.”

For a second, you think she’s about to tear into you—but then her stern face softens. She puts a hand on your shoulder, steady and warm. “But you also helped bring down Janet DiAnglia. Without your courage, we might never have uncovered the truth.”

The weight of her words presses down on you. Kylie’s fate, Nyx’s tragedy, Ms. Chase’s betrayal—all of it swirls together until you feel hollow and heavy at once. But you look at your mom’s tear-streaked face, at Abbey’s fierce loyalty, at Charlie’s fragile grin, and something steadier begins to grow inside you.

You survived.

And though the scars of tonight will never fully fade, you know you’re not alone.

*if trust_jonas <= 1
  *goto_scene section168
*else
  *goto_scene section169


