*comment section140

Sneaking past the teacher chaperones was something you planned for down to the last detail — every exit scouted, every shadow timed. But when the moment comes, everything goes terribly wrong.

The dance hall door creaks louder than you remember as you slip out into the cool night, the faint smell of punch and sweat still clinging to your dress. You and Zack hurry across the parking lot, shoes crunching on gravel, hearts pounding in rhythm with the muffled bass leaking through the Victorian-style walls of the building. The pickup looms ahead, its metal skin gleaming faintly under the orange glow of a parking light.

You’re just about to climb inside when a sharp voice slices through the dark.

"Charlie! Back inside."

You freeze, breath hitching. Mr. Hudson steps into view, his flashlight beam snapping onto Charlie’s chest. "Dance isn’t over yet. Move along."

Charlie tries to argue, his voice urgent but low. Before he can finish, Ms. Chase appears beside Hudson, her heels tapping against the pavement. Her tone is softer, but no less firm. Reluctantly, Charlie drops his head and shuffles back toward the gym doors.

Just before he disappears inside, he glances back at you. The fluorescent light catches his face as he mouths the words, *Go. Go!* He even waves you off with a sharp flick of his hand.

Ms. Chase follows his gaze, her eyes sweeping the dark lot. For one terrifying moment, her head tilts, and you’re certain she’s spotted you crouched in the shadows. But she only shrugs, adjusts her clipboard, and trails Charlie back inside.

You and Zack release a shaky breath together, the night air filling your lungs cold and sharp.

"We should go," Zack whispers, urgency tightening his voice. "If we wait too long, someone else will notice."

Reluctantly, you nod and climb into the pickup. The vinyl seat sticks faintly to your skin, still warm from the dance.

Five minutes later, Zack eases off the highway. He flicks the headlights off, plunging the world into darkness. The engine hum drops to a crawl as the truck rattles down a narrow gravel road. Ahead, the barn rises like a jagged silhouette against the moonlit sky. Two hundred yards out, Zack jerks the wheel, and the truck crunches through underbrush before settling between two massive oak trees. Their gnarled branches stretch overhead like watchful arms.

The cab door groans as you push it open. Cool night air rushes in, carrying the scent of damp earth and hay. You and Zack grab your duffel bags, the zippers sounding far too loud in the silence.

On opposite sides of the truck, you change out of your dance clothes. The fabric rustles against your skin, replaced by dark hoodies and leggings that cling like armor. Charlie had jokingly called them “ninja wear” when you planned this, and the thought stabs at your chest. You flush when you realize Zack is just on the other side of the truck, changing too — the brief jingle of his belt buckle swallowed by the night.

When you’re finished, you sling Abbey’s tools over your shoulder — a pry bar wrapped in a towel, a compact sledge, a coil of cord — and tuck a flashlight into your pocket.

The hike to the barn is tense, every cricket chirp amplified in your ears. Damp grass brushes against your ankles as you move. The barn looms larger with every step, until it feels like it’s swallowing the sky. The air reeks of mildew, rotting hay, and rust.

You circle the structure slowly, flashlight beams skimming over weathered boards. Rusted nails jut out at odd angles, and cobwebs shimmer silver in the edge of the light. After several minutes, it’s clear: there’s no easy way in.

*image macready_barn

"There are only two ways I can see," Zack mutters, breath fogging in the cold. He points with the flashlight. "We can pry open the boards on that window… or we break the lock on the main doors."

Both options stare back at you from the darkness, equally unforgiving.

Neither looks good.

But you’ll have to choose.

*choice
  #Pry open the boards over one of the windows.
    *goto_scene section6
  #Break the lock over the barn doors.
    *goto_scene section49
