*comment section201

The blinking cursor on your laptop feels like it’s mocking you. One lonely line sits in the middle of the page, a jumble of half-thoughts and disconnected notes:

“Cliques… necessary evil? Social shorthand? How they divide us — but also…?”

You groan and drop your forehead onto the keyboard. The keys thump dully, leaving a row of accidental gibberish on the screen. None of it helps.

You scroll back through your notes, flipping between pages of messy handwriting and voice memos. Bits and pieces from the Glitterati. A hesitant quote from Charlie. A half-hearted remark from Abbey. That one awkward brush with the Blahs that went nowhere. And Declan—the one conversation that actually gave you something substantial—but that came at the cost of giving up the rest of your material.

It’s not enough. Not nearly enough.

Journalistic integrity, Ms. Chase always says, is built on balance. Multiple voices. Evidence. Insight. Without them, you’re not telling a story; you’re just writing opinion. And what you’ve got now? A skeleton. Maybe less.

You try again, typing out a lead:

“High school cliques are as old as high school itself. But at Madison High…”

Your fingers freeze. At Madison High… what? That the cliques are cartoon cutouts? That everyone denies being part of one, yet secretly polices each other’s status? That Kylie might have been the one person to straddle the lines, and look where it got her?

You backspace until the screen is blank again.

The truth hits hard in your chest: you don’t have it. Not yet. The quotes aren’t strong enough. The angle isn’t sharp enough. The story doesn’t gel.

Your stomach twists as the thought creeps in, unavoidable: you’re going to have to ask for more time.

The image of Ms. Chase rises in your mind—her sharp eyes behind her glasses, her clipped tone when students don’t meet deadlines. You can already hear the disappointment in her voice: “Extensions are for emergencies, Jessica. Journalism is about discipline.”

You slam the laptop shut and shove your notes aside. A dull headache pulses behind your eyes. You hate the thought of walking into her office empty-handed, of admitting you can’t deliver on time.

But unless a miracle interview drops into your lap, you don’t see any other way.


*if became_death_eater
  *goto_scene section43
*else
  *goto_scene section202
