comment section102

"Huh," you say as your mom sits at the table, only partially interested in the real estate deal, and the subject moves on to other things.

"So, are you going to go?" Abbey asks you eagerly.

"If someone asks me to be their date," you say noncommittally. You like the idea and you want to support Abbey, but the idea of dancing in public terrifies you.

"Oh, come on," says Abbey. "We’re modern women! Who says we have to wait for a boy to ask us out? I thought you were more progressive than this!"

You sigh. Your friend is right. "Okay, okay, I’ll go!"

Abbey squeals in delight. "Great! Now, who are you going to ask? Charlie? No, he’s too boring."

"Hey," you protest, "that’s our friend!"

"Emphasis on friend," says Abbey. "Oh, I know," she exclaims, "You should ask out Zack Jayson! I see the way you look at him. I caught him checking you out in between periods today."

"Zack Jayson?" says your mom. "Isn’t he the boy who was last seen with the Kylie Addams girl? The one who has disappeared?"

"Wait. How do you know about that?" you ask your mom in surprise.

Abbey rolls her eyes. "Way to kill the mood, Mrs. Lane!"

Your mom ignores Abbey. "I was doing a showing at the Warrington house for one of my clients, and she mentioned how concerned she was for her niece, who went missing. Apparently, her sister has filed a missing persons report on her daughter. According to her friends, she was last seen with that Jayson boy."

Your mind races at the news. Your instincts were right, there was definitely a story there!

Your thoughts are interrupted by your mom. "Hey," she says with a serious expression, "I don’t know if this Zack boy had anything to do with her disappearance, but I want you and Abbey to promise me you won’t go anywhere alone until this gets cleared up, okay?"

"Sure, Mom," you say absently. You decide you definitely are going to have to talk to Zack Jayson. You need to find out what happened and ask him out. "I mean, ask him a few questions," you correct yourself quickly. Although, you may ask him out, too. After all, you do have a dance to go to.

Your mind broods through the rest of dinner.

*goto_scene section8
