*comment section101

"Hey, wait!" you call, your voice carrying across the cracked asphalt that separates the gym from the football field. The sharp tang of cut grass lingers in the air, and the distant buzz of the stadium lights hums over your words.

Jonas and Mackenzie stop mid-stride. Jonas shifts uncomfortably, adjusting the strap of his sports bag, while Mackenzie’s glossy hair catches the glow of the floodlights as she turns.

Your mind scrambles for something—anything—that will make them stay. The late afternoon air is cool on your skin, but sweat prickles at the back of your neck.

"How about this?" you blurt, holding up your notebook like it’s a peace offering. "An exclusive in the Post: The Royal Couple of Madison High. I just need a few questions."

You add a pleading look, heart thudding against your ribs. For a second, Jonas’s expression softens, his shoulders relaxing as though he might actually say yes.

But Mackenzie wrinkles her nose, the faint scent of her floral perfume drifting as she steps closer to him. Your eagerness only seems to harden her.

"Forget it," she says, disdain curling around the words. "We’re busy. Maybe some other time." Her manicured nails hook around Jonas’s arm, tugging him toward the corner of the gym.

"Let’s go," she snaps, heels clicking against the pavement as the two of them disappear into the shadows beyond the bleachers.

You start forward, notebook clutched tighter, but a steady hand grabs your arm.

"It’s no good," Charlie says, his voice low but kind. His grip is warm against your sleeve, grounding you. "That wasn’t the right approach."

The sound of Mackenzie’s laughter floats back briefly, carried on the evening breeze, before fading with Jonas’s heavier footsteps.

You let out a heavy sigh, shoulders slumping. The smell of turf and sweat mixes with the faint odor of hot dogs drifting from the concession stand.

Charlie bumps your shoulder affectionately, offering a crooked grin. "Don’t worry. We can try to get some of the other Glitterati to talk."

"If they talk," you mutter, doubt thick in your voice, though the spark in Charlie’s eyes keeps the day from feeling like a total loss.

*set cool -1
*goto_scene section25
