*comment section188

Zack cuts the engine a hundred yards out, and the four of you sit in silence, the chirping of crickets unnervingly loud. The air smells of damp earth and hay, mixed with a faint metallic tang that raises the hairs on your arms.

“Did anyone think to bring any tools?” Charlie asks belatedly. “Or something to defend ourselves with?”

The three of you stare at each other in grim silence for a moment. Then Zack gives a slight nod and reaches behind his seat and pulls out a tire iron. “It’s not much, but it will have to do,” he whispers.

You slip out of the truck, the gravel crunching faintly beneath your sneakers. Every step toward the barn feels like trespassing into something you were never meant to see. The structure looms larger with each breath, its rotting boards silhouetted against the dusky horizon.

At the massive double doors, Zack reaches for the padlock—only to pause, confusion etched across his face. He presses the latch experimentally.

Click.

Unlocked.

Your heart leaps into your throat. “That’s… not right,” Abbey breathes. “Who leaves something like this open?”

Zack pushes the door inward with a groan of hinges. Inside, the air is heavy, thick with mildew and old wood. Dust motes drift lazily in the beam of your flashlight. And there, in the center of the barn, sits the metallic gray Porsche, its polished body gleaming faintly even in the dark.

“That’s it,” Charlie whispers. “The one from Nyx’s photo.”

You step closer, the flashlight on your phone trembling slightly in your grip. Then you freeze.

From the far end of the barn—beneath the floorboards—comes the unmistakable murmur of voices. Low, indistinct, but urgent.

Abbey grabs your sleeve and points to the rear wall. Hidden there, half-buried beneath scattered straw, is a trapdoor.

All four of you hold your breath, straining to catch the words. You can’t make them out clearly, but there’s no mistaking it: someone is down there.

The weight of the decision presses on you like the humid night air.

What do you do?

*choice
  #Open the trapdoor immediately, hoping to surprise whoever is below.
    *goto_scene section189
  #Wait and listen longer, trying to figure out who’s down there before acting.
    *goto_scene section190
  #Call Garcia back and give her your exact location, risking exposure but guaranteeing backup.
    *goto_scene section191
