*comment section156

You spin as the figure steps into the light, and your stomach drops. The familiar face is framed in the harsh beam of your flashlight.

“Ms. Chase,” you breathe. “You’re Janet DiAnglia.”

“Obviously.” Her voice is flat, cool. A pistol glints in her hand, steady as stone.

Your instincts betray you—your hands twitch toward your pockets.

“Ah-ah,” she warns sharply. “Hands where I can see them.”

Slowly, you raise them, fingers trembling. The cold cellar air bites at your skin, but sweat still beads on your forehead.

“Come on, Ms. Chase,” you try, your voice echoing too loudly against the concrete walls. “You’re a brilliant journalist. A good teacher. Why throw all that away?”

She smirks, lips curling without humor. “Explain myself to you? Please. You’re a child playing at being a reporter.”

“One journalist to another,” you press, desperate to buy time, “inquiring minds want to know.”

Her eyes gleam with amusement. She gestures with the gun. “Fine. One final interview. Three questions before I kill you. Consider it professional courtesy.”

Your heart slams against your ribs. You nod. “Why did you kill Kylie Addams?”

Her smile fades into ice. “Because she stumbled into my operation with Nyx Poulson. She was in the way.” Her voice sharpens. “That’s one.”

Your throat tightens. “Why kill Nyx?”

She rolls her eyes. “Obvious. He could identify me. That’s two.” The gun cocks with a chilling click.

You scramble for the last question, words tumbling out. “How does a star reporter for the New York Times end up running drugs out of a high school?”

For the first time, pride flickers in her expression. She steps closer, her heels clicking sharp pock-pock notes on the icy concrete. “Now that’s a question. Money, Jessica. Lots of it. But also spite. Betrayal. By my editor with whom I was having an affair. I was fired, blackballed, stripped of everything I built. I lost my savings in a scam, my home in the city. The Carlton Heights gardens—you’ve heard of them? Mine. A money pit. This was the only way to keep it afloat.”

Her words echo in the cold space, too loud, too final.

You edge back, eyes darting to the ladder, the walls—any escape. But the room feels smaller with every second, the barrel of her gun pinning you in place.

Ms. Chase checks her watch, then raises her gaze to you with a thin smile. “That’s three. Time’s up.”

Your pulse screams in your ears. You want to run, to fight, to do anything but stand frozen.

“Goodbye, Jessica,” she says softly, almost like a teacher dismissing a class. “It’s been fun.”

The cellar fills with the crack of the shot.

But at the last second, you dive towards Ms. Chase. Surprised, you hit her in the shoulder and the shot misses. The gun clatters to the floor and without a glance, you rush up the rings of the frozen ladder, your skin sticking to its icy surface.

“You can’t run from me!” screams Ms. Chase as she limps towards the gun.

You don’t stop to listen, but climb out into the barn and try to put as much distance between you and your teacher as possible.

Outside the barn you hesitate.

What do you do?

*choice
  #Run into the woods.
    *goto_scene section159
  #Run back to the dance.
    *goto_scene section160
