*comment section144

The carriage waits near the front of the school, its lanterns glowing faintly against the night. The horse stamps restlessly, breath steaming in the cool air. The muffled thump of the dance seeps through the brick walls behind you, and for a moment you hesitate, glancing over your shoulder. But the pull of the mystery is stronger.

You creep forward, heart pounding, your shoes crunching softly on gravel. The reins hang loose, the driver nowhere in sight. With a shaky breath, you grab hold of them and clamber onto the carriage. The leather feels cold in your hands as you whisper, “Come on… just go.”
The horse flicks an ear but doesn’t budge. You give the reins a nervous tug. “Please, move.”

A sharp voice snaps through the air. “What do you think you’re doing?”

You freeze. The driver steps out of the shadows, lantern swinging from one hand. His expression is hard as steel. “If you want a ride, you sit in the passenger seat, not in mine.” He yanks the reins from your grip, the leather burning your palm as he pulls them away.

Your stomach drops.

Before you can stammer out an excuse, another voice cuts in. “Jessica Lane.”

Ms. Chase strides across the pavement, heels clicking like gunshots. Her arms are crossed, her face tight with disappointment. “I should have known. Sneaking out during a school event? Attempting to steal a horse and carriage? Unacceptable.”
You open your mouth to protest, but she’s already gesturing firmly toward the gym. “Back inside. Now.”

The reprimand stings worse than a slap. With your head down, you follow her, the laughter and music of the dance swelling around you again as the doors close behind.

That night, you don’t get another chance to slip away.

And because of that, Kylie’s mystery is never solved. Even with the scraps of evidence you managed to gather and give to the police, the true identity of Di’Anglia remains hidden in the shadows. A few weeks later, the news hits: Nyx is found dead from an overdose. The investigation fizzles out.

Years later, you still wonder what would have happened if you had made a different choice — if you had found a way to get to the barn, to push forward, to uncover the truth. Instead, all you have is the weight of unanswered questions, and the knowledge that sometimes a single mistake can change everything.

The End.

*set endings +1
*goto_scene ending

