*comment section168

The next day, you and your friends attend the memorial service for Kylie Addams and Nyx Poulson. The chapel is filled with soft organ music, hushed voices, and the sound of quiet weeping.

Kylie’s mom embraces you tightly when the service ends. “Thank you for everything you did for my Kylie,” she whispers. You shake your head, guilt pressing heavy in your chest. “I was too late,” you murmur. But her mom won’t hear it. She cups your cheek, eyes shining. “My Kylie’s in heaven now, and her killer is behind bars. You are God’s angel to us.” Her words break you, and the tears come hard.

The only one from Nyx’s family is his Aunt Judy. She pulls you into her arms, her own tears wetting your shoulder. “He always had to take the hard road,” she says softly, “but in the end, he tried to do right. I hope that’s enough.” You nod, too overcome to speak.

After the service, you and your friends wander to the Dairy Queen, where the warmth of french fries and the clink of ice cream spoons feel strangely healing. Abbey and Charlie take turns telling you how they convinced Mr. Hudson to call the police station directly and insist on Detective Garcia. “She didn’t take much persuading,” Abbey says with a small smile.

Then it’s your turn. You tell them about discovering the drug lab in the barn, about Ms. Chase’s true identity, and the terrifying escape. Charlie listens closely, his expression tightening when you describe the moment you nearly lost control on the road.

When you finish, Abbey sighs. “We really were lucky.”

Charlie clears his throat, trying for lightness. “Lucky? Jessi saved my life. If it weren’t for her driving…” He shakes his head, still pale at the memory. “I’d be six feet under.”

You try to wave him off, embarrassed. “I was just doing what I had to do.”

But Charlie leans forward, his voice steady. “No. You kept your head when I couldn’t. You’re the reason I’m here. I’ll never forget that.”

Abbey grins. “Looks like our Jessi’s got a future as a stunt driver.”

You roll your eyes, though a smile tugs at your lips. “You say that now, but my mom was so freaked out when she heard what happened that she signed me up for driver’s ed the very next day. I’m going to be a licensed driver, people!”

Your friends cheer and clap, and for the first time in days, you laugh until your sides hurt.

Later, though, when the laughter has faded and you’re lying awake, regret creeps back in. Jonas and Mackenzie never faced consequences for stealing the Booster Club money, and they never apologized for letting the rumor spread that Kylie had tried to steal Mackenzie’s boyfriend. Kylie’s name was never cleared in life. Over the summer, Jonas and Mackenzie slipped quietly out of town, whispers trailing behind them about what had really happened to the missing funds.

*if article_finished
  *goto_scene section91
*else
  *goto_scene section170


