*comment section63

As quietly as a mouse, you quickly crawl out the driver’s window and into the irrigation ditch, which fortunately is bone dry. Then you creep to the back of the pickup and silently pull out Abbey’s metal mallet from her duffle bag. Then you peek around the tailgate to spy on Ms. Chase as she approaches the vehicle from the highway.

Your teacher slows down as she reaches the front of the pickup. Carefully, you watch her approach the passenger side of the vehicle where Zack lies bleeding and unconscious. Mentally, you apologize for using him as bait.

When Ms. Chase reaches the door, she cautiously peers through the window with her gun and sees the empty driver’s seat. “Damn,” she curses to herself in a fierce whisper. She feels Zack’s neck for a pulse and frowns and shakes her head when she discovers he is still alive. Ms. Chase attempts to peer over the hood of the car and into the wheat field beyond the irrigation ditch, where she assumes you have gone. But the tilt of the truck stuck in the ditch is too high, so she steps around the front of the vehicle to get a better view.

As she does so, she calls out, “Jessica! I never knew you were the type of girl to abandon her friends! Or did you think poor Zack was dead?” She takes another step towards the field and the other side of the car.

As she begins to step out of view, you slowly and quietly creep up on her from behind, the metal mallet gripped tightly in both of your hands.

Ms. Chase laughs, “Well, he’s not dead, I assure you!” She takes another step so that she’s at the front corner of the truck nearest the wheat field. “I’ll tell you what,” she calls out, “if you give yourself up, I promise not to shoot him. There’s still time to save him. But if you don’t—” Ms. Chase cocks her gun. “I swear to God I’ll kill him right now. What do you say?”

Ms. Chase leaps silently around the corner of the truck with her gun ready, clearly expecting you to be cowering there in the irrigation ditch. Ms. Chase shakes her head in irritation, but quickly recovers and stands up, searching for you in the wheat field. “Well?” she shouts, “What do you say?”

“Over my dead body!” you answer with a shout. Immediately, you spring your trap, and with all your strength, swing the mallet towards Ms. Chase’s head with a cry of fury. You have just enough time to see her look of surprise as she whirls on you before the metal hammer slams into her cheekbone and shatters her jaw.

With a cry, Ms. Chase falls to the dirt, and her gun flies from her hand onto the gravel next to your feet. Quickly, you drop the hammer and pick up the pistol, pointing it carefully at her as Ms. Chase crawls on the ground and groans. In the distance, you can hear the sound of rapidly approaching sirens.

Ms. Chase pushes her torso up with one hand while the other remains clamped to the shattered right side of her face. “I—I’m gonna kill you!” she manages to cry out as blood streaks from her mouth where several teeth have been knocked out.

Suddenly, several squad cars pull to a rapid stop around you, and armed officers of the law emerge from their vehicles with service weapons drawn. “Miss,” says one of them to you, “put the gun down!”

Ms. Chase holds out a trembling hand to the cops and shouts, “Help! Police! She’s trying to murder me!”

The expressions on the police officers grow grim, “Miss, put the gun down slowly and put your hands on the top of your head!”

“Okay.” You comply immediately and slowly put the gun down and put your hands on your head.

As the policeman comes behind you with a pair of cuffs, you stare at Ms. Chase, “Officer,” you say, “this woman is a drug dealer and a killer. She is responsible for the deaths of Kylie Addams and Nyx Poulson. Her real name is Janet DiAnglia.”

“She’s a liar!” says Ms. Chase. “My name is Kelly Chase. I’m a teacher at Madison High. And this disturbed youth has already shot that poor young man in the truck. And she was about to shoot me before you arrived!”

As the officer puts your hands behind your back and leans you forward to cuff you, you smile triumphantly at Ms. Chase. “Sir,” you say over your shoulder, “if you check my right jacket pocket, you’ll see I’m not lying.”

Quickly, the officer puts his hand in your pocket and pulls out a digital audio recorder. As he turns it on, Ms. Chase’s voice comes out clearly from the speaker: “Okay, fine. One final interview. I’ll give you three questions before I kill you. Consider it a professional courtesy.” The officer stops the recorder as Ms. Chase looks at you in horror.

“Always get a recording,” you remind her. “Thanks for the tip, Ms. Chase.”

Immediately, one of the other officers bends down and places your teacher into custody while the one behind you reaches down and releases you from your restraints. Immediately, you turn to him and say, “Thank you, sir, but please! Can you help my friend Zack? He’s been shot!”

Several agonizing moments later, the paramedics arrive and carefully pull Zack from the car and administer first aid. Five minutes later, he is rushed to the hospital while the police take your statement. As you answer his questions, Detective Garcia arrives and walks quickly towards you.

“Your friends got a hold of me,” she says, “so I called the cavalry.”

“Just in time,” you say in gratitude. “What happened?” you ask her, “Why didn’t you call me back?”

Detective Garcia looks chagrined. “Sergeant Hops ran over my phone, and I had to get a new one. I only just got your calls about an hour ago.” But then she crosses her arms. “Hey, didn’t I tell you to leave this business to the police?” she says, “I told you it was dangerous!”

You nod, “Yeah, well, it worked out.”

“This time!” reprimands Detective Garcia. “Next time—and I am not encouraging there to be a next time—if you can’t reach me, call the station. Or better yet, call 911. That’s what it’s there for!”

“Right. Forgot that part,” you say, flushing with embarrassment, “Oops.”

“Never mind,” she says, giving you a quick hug, “I’m just glad you’re okay.”

“Me, too,” you say. But it suddenly strikes you that for Kylie and Nyx, it will never be okay again. The thought makes you sad. And grateful. “Me, too,” you repeat in a whisper.

*set cool +1
*achieve canon_ending

*goto_scene section80
