*comment section146

“Let’s break the lock and go through the front,” you suggest.

“Okay,” says Charlie, who pulls out the mallet and the chisel. “I’ll bet Thor would do a better job of it,” he says looking at the hammer. “Come on Mjolner.”

The two of you creep towards the front of the barn, and Zack grabs the lock and puts the chisel carefully against it. He raises the mallet high and swiftly brings it down onto the chisel. The impact makes a loud metallic bang that rips through the air with a slight echo.

“Crap!” you whisper loudly. “That made a lot of noise!” Then you notice that the lock is still intact, with only a slight wedge in the bars.

Charlie sighs in frustration and looks around before trying again. It takes six more very loud hits before the lock finally falls off the door.

“Finally!” you whisper. You stand in eager anticipation as Zack pulls open the barn doors with a loud groaning creak.

“Man,” says Charlie, “this place must really be abandoned. We’ve made enough noise to wake the dead!”

But just as he utters the word ‘dead,’ a loud gunshot pierces the air, and Charlie slams forward and bounces off the barn door. As he crumples to the ground, you see clearly in the moonlight, the place in his skull where a bullet has blown open the front of his head.

You let out a scream and turn to face the shooter just as a bullet slams into your shoulder and knocks you to the ground. Crying in pain, you clutch at your shoulder as blood squirts out between your fingers. A shadowy figure looms over you, and you hear the crunch of heels on gravel.

“Please,” you cry out, “don’t! Don’t kill me! I don’t want to die!”

But the only reply is the sound of the report as the final bullet goes through your head. Your death is instantaneous.
Perhaps if you had made different decisions, you might have survived to discover who your killer might have been. But you can only do that if you start the book over from the beginning.

The End.

*set endings +1
*set deaths +1
*goto_scene ending
