*comment section193

You can’t take it anymore. The sight, the voices, the betrayal—it’s too much. Your throat rips before you even think:

“HELP! Somebody help us!”

The sound tears through the barn, bouncing off the rafters like a fire alarm. For a single heartbeat, silence follows, stunned and waiting.

Then chaos detonates.

The trapdoor explodes open below you. Ms. Chase rises from the shadows like a specter, her heels clicking on the ladder rungs. Behind her, the enforcer climbs with terrifying ease, like a predator drawn from its den.

Abbey shrieks and turns to run—but the enforcer is faster. His massive hand strikes, and she falls before she even clears the hay bales. The world tips sideways. Charlie’s shout cuts off; your own scream fills the gap.

Zack grabs you by the arm. “Run!”

The two of you tear through the barn, dust exploding in golden clouds under your feet. The enforcer’s footsteps thunder behind you—steady, inevitable. Zack yanks a tire iron from the duffel as you trip over a coil of rope.

“Go, Jessi!” he roars.

You spin in horror as he plants himself between you and the oncoming giant. The first blow clangs like a church bell in the night, metal against flesh. For a heartbeat, hope surges—Zack, defiant, teeth bared, holding the monster back with sheer will.

Then the enforcer swats him aside like a toy. Zack crashes against the barn wall, body limp. The tire iron clatters to the ground.

You stumble out the barn doors, lungs burning, tears streaming, the night air slicing cold against your face. Your shoes pound gravel, each step a desperate prayer. Behind you, another sound cuts sharper than your breath: heels clicking on hard ground.

“Jessica!” Ms. Chase’s voice, mocking, certain. “You can’t run from the truth.”

The shot cracks like lightning. Something sears into you, hot and final. You collapse to the earth, your body refusing to move. Stars blur above you. Your blood is warmth slipping away into the dirt.

Ms. Chase looms above, her smile sharp, her silhouette framed by the barn’s looming shape. “You never belonged in my world,” she says, cold satisfaction in her voice.

Then—sirens. Wailing, urgent, cutting through the night like salvation. Red and blue lights scatter across the field. Shouts echo, boots pound.

“Police! Drop the weapon!”

Gunfire erupts. The enforcer bellows, a sound swallowed by bullets. Ms. Chase is forced down, her hands twisted behind her, her voice shrieking in a pitch you never imagined from a teacher.

Strong hands reach for you, a flashlight beam across your face. “We’ve got one still alive! Hold on—”

But your chest is too heavy, your body too empty. The lights blur, the sirens fade, and you feel only the strange calm of letting go.

Your last thought is of Kylie’s face, alive, safe, spared. Nyx, freed from his terror. At least they will live. At least your scream bought them time.

You close your eyes.

The End.

*set endings +1
*set deaths +1
*goto_scene ending
