*comment section122

"You're right, Charlie," you say with a sigh. "It really is too dangerous to pursue the story anymore. I'll talk to the police right away."

You say goodbye to your friends, and Zack volunteers to walk you to where Detective Garcia has set up shop in the counselor's office.

Zack knocks on the door. "Detective Garcia?" he asks.

The policewoman looks up wearily from the desk, several notes scattered across it, a half-drunk coffee cooling at her elbow. "Yes, Zack, what is it?" she says.

"This is my friend Jessica Lane," he replies. "She may have some information on Kylie Addams that could prove useful."

Garcia's eyes narrow as they settle on you. Recognition flickers there, sharp and cold.

"You," she says. "The eavesdropper from this morning."

Heat creeps into your cheeks, but you force yourself to nod. "Yes, ma'am. But I think this is important."

Garcia studies you for a long moment before standing and offering her hand. "Come in," she says, though her voice is measured, cautious.

You slide into the chair, the air heavy with the scent of paper and stale coffee.

"Thanks, Detective Garcia," you murmur.

"Please," she says, arching a brow. "Call me Jackie."

You pull the folded note from your notebook, its creases trembling between your fingers, and place it on her desk. Starting from the beginning, you tell her everything you know about Kylie Addams — the rumors, the fear, the note.

When you finish, Garcia taps the paper once with her pen. "You're a good investigator," she admits slowly, "but let's be clear: after your little stunt spying on my interviews, you don't make it easy for me to take you seriously. This could be a prank, or worse, something you cooked up yourself."

The words sting, but you hold her gaze. "It's real," you insist.

Garcia sighs, sliding the note into a folder. "Whether I doubt it or not, I'll act on it. A threat is still a threat. But do yourself a favor, Jessica—leave this to the professionals. Don't interfere again."

You nod, throat tight.

"Don't worry," she adds, her tone firm but weary. "We'll find Kylie."

But in the coming weeks, Garcia's prediction proves false. A few days after your interview, Nyx is discovered dead from an overdose. After that, the Addams investigation fizzles out.

Years later, you still find yourself staring at old notebooks, wondering with a hollow sadness what really happened to Kylie Addams — and what might have happened if you'd risked everything to find her yourself.

But there's only one way to know. You'll have to start the book over and try again.

The End.

*set endings +1
*goto_scene ending
