*comment section18

Considering the reaming you got last time, you decide not to bring up the story idea again. “This is something I have just got to do on my own,” you tell yourself.

But when you get to class, Ms. Chase hunts you down after the morning meeting.

“Don’t even think about it,” Ms. Chase says as you open your laptop.

“Think about what?” you ask, surprised.

“Don’t play innocent with me,” she says, “I know you’ve been asking around about Kylie Addams, even though I told you not to pursue that story.”

You try to look innocent, but fail. “Oh,” you say finally.

“Listen,” she says, “you’ve got good instincts. But this is a police matter now, Jessi. I don’t want you interfering with their investigation. A girl’s life is at stake, remember that.”

You nod your head, a little ashamed, but your chin sets in resolution. “That’s why I have to find out what happened,” you decide.

Ms. Chase sees your look and sighs. “Tell me where you are on the cliques column. Your deadline is fast approaching.”

“Well,” you say, reaching for words. You really ought to be farther along on your investigation. “I’m going to hit up the Blahs and the Death Eaters today. After that, I thought it might be a good idea to interview some of the Delinquents. Maybe Nyx. I’m sure he’s got some good stories.”

“Forget Nyx,” Ms. Chase says irritably. “He’s a stoner. Or worse. In fact, forget the Delinquents period. We don’t need to glorify that kind of behavior in our paper.”

“But they’re a viable social group on this campus,” you protest. “They have a voice! How can my clique story have any integrity if I leave out a fifth of the student population?”

“You make a valid point,” says Ms. Chase, “However, we might be a newspaper, but we’re also a school publication whose primary readership is made up of minors. I’m sorry, kiddo, but no Delinquents. Now get back to work.”

You sigh in frustration at the unexpected censorship. “She usually fights this sort of thing,” you think. “Maybe the principal has been coming down hard on her because of Kylie. The school’s reputation may be on the line.” Consoled by those thoughts, you get back to planning your work.

*goto_scene section108
