*comment section35

You decide it would be better not to pry into the personal lives of the most public couple of Madison High, and start to thank them for their time when Mackenzie interrupts you.

“Did you hear about what happened to us at our party this weekend?” she says, looking at you slyly.

“What do you mean?” you ask curiously, glancing over at Charlie.

“I thought you might love this for your column piece,” entices Mackenzie. “A Blah girl tries to improve her social standing by sleeping with my boyfriend! Kylie Addams! That supposedly ‘sweet and innocent’ sophomore! She corners my Jonas in his bedroom and tries to seduce him. Of course, he tells her no, but he’s too much of a gentleman to do it roughly. So, she takes it as an invitation and tries to make out with him, right, sweetie?”

Jonas grimaces and nods. “Yep.” He looks out the window.

Mackenzie continues unabated, “Anyway, poor Jonas is trying to fend her off when I catch her red-handed. Well, I rip her a new one and throw her out of the house. No one touches what is mine, especially not some poor, dirty la la bop from the projects!”

“Wow,” you say slowly, “I can’t believe she did that!”

“I know, right?” says Mackenzie triumphantly. Strangely, Jonas looks uncomfortable and a little ashamed. “Well, you can’t imagine what happened next…”

“What?” you ask, allowing yourself to be led by her.

“She takes off with that weirdo Zack! That girl has bagged some other guy not fifteen minutes after being rejected by the first one! And now everyone knows exactly what a two-faced S-L-U-T she really is. It just goes to show you don’t try to go above your station, and you don’t try to take what’s mine. And you can quote me on that!”

“Well,” you say, standing up and putting a wad of cash on the table to pay for the desserts as Charlie blushes, “I’m glad you put a stop to her advances. I hope the two of you are able to get a little peace now.”

“Thanks, Jessi,” says Mackenzie. “Take care.”

You thank Jonas and Mackenzie for their time, and Mackenzie waves goodbye. But Jonas just looks out the window with a concerned expression on his face.

“Do you believe their story?” says Charlie as you get into his car.

You shake your head. “Not a word of it. Did you see the tension between the two? They’re definitely hiding something.”

“Yeah,” says Charlie, “but what?”

“I don’t know,” you say. I guess we’ll have to ask Kylie when she finally shows up to school.”

“If she shows up to school,” Charlie replies.

You shudder. For some reason, the thought leaves you feeling empty and cold.

*set cool +1

*goto_scene section25
