*comment section15

You slink along the gymnasium on the way to the football field in order to keep out of sight; you want to make sure Jonas has no forewarning when you attack.

You are within a few yards of the concrete steps that go up to the field when you hear voices coming from inside the gymnasium. Curious, you peek your head inside the doorway. You make out two figures huddled close together in the shadows by the locker rooms. “This is only half the money I need,” one whispers to the other fiercely.

“Well, it’s the best I can do, brah. If you’re so worried about it,” said the other figure, “you shouldn’t have stolen the money in the first place!”

“You think I had a choice?” retorted the other figure. “You know what she’s like. She would have crucified me.”

“Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, you two can do your own dirty work from now on. You owe me. Big time.”

“You’re right. I’m sorry. Thanks for your help, man. I’ve got to get this money back into the Booster account before somebody notices.” You lean your body farther into the gym door to see who is speaking and let out a sudden gasp. You try to cover it, but it’s too late.

Jonas quickly breaks away from the boy who has just handed him a thick wad of cash, a senior named Martin Harris. Martin runs away as Jonas closes his eyes and covers his face with his hands, and groans as he falls back against the wall. “Oh, no!” he says to himself. “No, no, no, no!”

You approach Jonas quietly, but determinedly. You come along beside him and lean against the wall next to him. After a moment, you finally ask quietly, “You and Mackenzie stole Booster Club money?”

Jonas glances at you with glistening eyes and nods silently, looking down, shamefaced.

“Why?” you ask softly, trying to keep any judgment from your voice.

“She was pregnant,” he says finally, his voice thick with emotion. “She wanted an abortion, but we didn’t have the money for one. And our families made way too much money for financial assistance.

“So why didn’t you go to your parents for help?” you ask him after a pause.

Jonas snorts bitterly. “Because they’re not the kind of parents a guy can go to for help. They would only care that I embarrassed them. And besides, Mackenzie made me swear to keep it a secret. She didn’t want to be known around school as that girl. A secret abortion was the only option.”

“So why steal money” you ask, confused. “Can’t they do abortions for free?”

Jonas shakes his head. “Not completely. They have charitable programs that help pay for them, but our families are so rich, we didn’t really qualify.” Jonas stares down at his hands. “I didn’t really want to do any of it. Not the abortion, not stealing the money. You know, I actually wanted to keep the baby. But since we were in charge of some of the fundraising events for the Booster Club, we had access to the cash before it went into the account. And Mackenzie and I have known each other for a long time. She knows everything about me. My hopes, my fears, my… shames. She said if I didn’t get the money for the abortion, her reputation wouldn’t be the only one to crash. So I did it. I did it all.”

Jonas stares off in the distance, his eyes brimming with unshed tears. “You know,” he confides, “I can’t help but keep wondering… would I have had a son or a daughter? The fact that I’ll never know makes me feel empty inside. Yet somehow I’m glad that they’ll never know what a terrible person their father was.”

“Wow,” you say sympathetically.

“Yeah, well, that’s not the worst of it,” continues Jonas. “Our parents run the country club together, and as far as they’re concerned, we need to be the perfect couple for the sake of their reputations. So, Mackenzie and I agreed to keep our, uh, indiscretions secret and go on pretending to be the--how did you put it?--the royal couple of Madison High.”

Your mind races at what Jonas has just revealed to you, and a picture begins to form in your mind. “Kylie didn’t try to seduce you, did she?” you ask.

Jonas looks sharply at you and then sighs. “No,” he says, averting his gaze to the floor. “She was in charge of counting the receipts and found out what happened. She was trying to help me.”

“Help you do what?” you ask.

“To do the right thing,” he says simply. “To confess what we’d done. To finally stand up like a man against all the crap. Mine, Theirs. Hers.”

“So, at the party--” you begin.

“Mackenzie caught me making plans with Kylie to confess and return the money,” Jonas interrupts. “We were supposed to do it at the school dance this weekend.”

“So then why didn’t you just tell Mackenzie that you were tired of lying to everybody? That you were just going to come out and confess with or without her support?”

“Because he wouldn’t dare!”

At the new voice, you turn quickly and see Mackenzie standing in the doorway, her face livid with rage.

“I can’t believe you, Jonas!” she says, “After everything we’ve been through! You know, one word to my father and--”

“Can it, Macks!” Jonas yells. “I’m so sick of your self-centered ravings! We’re hypocrites, both of us! Don’t you know we destroyed some poor girl’s reputation just to save our own asses? Don’t you know how despicable we are? And now, she’s missing. She could be in real trouble!”

“What?” scoffs Mackenzie, “That goody-two-shoes floozy? She’s nothing! She’s not worth our concern. Jonas--she was going to ruin us. Ruin our reputation--and our future! I saved us!”

“No,” Jonas says fiercely, looking her square in the eyes. “You’ve damned us.” Then he stalks away and out the door.

Mackenzie looks after Jonas, stricken, tears streaming down her face. Then she looks at you. “You!” she says with venom. “I suppose this is going to be all over the next issue of the Post, isn’t it?” You start to speak, but Mackenzie interrupts you, “Well, that’s just great! You’re just a regular hero, aren’t you? I suppose you’re going to use this as your ticket out of Blahdom, huh? Get a little piece of that Glitterati action, huh?” Mackenzie turns on her heels and stalks out the door. But as she leaves, she looks over her shoulder. “Good luck with that, Blah. The only thing you people love more than your heroes… is tearing them down.”

And then she’s gone.

For a moment, you wonder if you should go after Jonas. He looked really upset. Or maybe you should just go. Zack is waiting for you still in the parking lot and there is a lot of information to process.

What do you do?

*choice
  #Go after Jonas.
    *goto_scene section124
  #Go see Zack to tell what you have learned.
    *goto_scene section125
