*comment section30

“You’re right, Zack,” you say carefully. “I should go to the police. But I won’t give up on the story. Kylie needs every person she can working on this case, and I know that we can make a difference.”

You say goodbye to your friends, and Zack volunteers to walk you to where Detective Garcia has set up shop in the counselor’s office.

Zack knocks on the door. “Detective Garcia?” asks Zack.

The police woman looks up wearily from the desk, several notes scattered across it. “Yes, Zack, what is it?” she says.

“This is my friend Jessica Lane,” he says, “She may have some information on Kylie Addams that could prove useful.”

“Come in,” the detective says, standing to shake your hand and offer you a seat.

“Thanks, Detective Garcia,” you say, and sit down.

“Please, call me Jackie,” she says.

“Thank you, Jackie,” you say. You show her the note, and starting at the beginning, you tell her everything you know about the Kylie Addams incident.

At the end of your story, Detective Garcia thanks you for the information. “You’re a very good investigator,” she compliments, “but I advise you to leave this to the professionals. Don’t worry, we’ll find Kylie.”

You nod noncommittally to the officer and leave the office. Zack is waiting for you outside and asks you how it went.

“Okay,” you say, “but we’ve got work to do.”

“So, where to next?” he asks you.

“Jonas,” you say. “I don’t think he’s heavily involved anymore, but we need to find out from him what really happened with Kylie on the night of the party. At the very least, we need to eliminate him as a suspect. Plus, he’ll probably be an easier nut to crack than Nyx at this point.”

“Makes sense,” says Zack. “Let’s get to it.”

You shake your head. “Thanks, Zack,” you say, “but Jonas is extremely flighty right now. I don’t think he’ll talk if it’s both of us.”

“Okay,” says Zack, “I’ll wait for you in the parking lot and give you a ride home if you’d like.”

You smile at him. “I’d like that,” you say.

“Cool,” he says. “Call me if you need me.”

Zack leaves, and you look determinedly toward the football field where practice should be starting in a few minutes. “You won’t escape me this time, Jonas,” you think.

*set talked_to_garcia true
*set trust_garcia +1

*goto_scene section15
