*comment section114

You hesitate, notebook damp in your hands. The hallway hums with the squeak of sneakers and the sharp clang of a locker door slamming shut down the row.

“Okay,” you say, your voice low but steady. “Maybe I’m a Blah too.”

Abbey blinks, her campaign button for junior class president glinting under the fluorescent lights. “Wait—you’re admitting that?”

Charlie tilts his head, his mouth twitching into a grin. “Didn’t think I’d ever hear that from you.”

Heat creeps up your cheeks, but the words feel lighter once they’re out. “I mean… I’m not a Glitterati. I’m not Geek Squad. I’m not anything special. If that makes me a Blah, then fine. I’m a Blah.”

Abbey exhales, arms crossing tight over her chest. “Honestly? Same. I organize dances, make announcements, run meetings, and still people barely notice me once I walk out of the room. It’s like being president of… nothing.”

Charlie pushes his glasses up, leaning back against the locker with a metallic thud. “And me? I dabble with Geek Squad but never get invited to their deep-dive campaigns. Too average for them, too nerdy for anyone else. So yeah, Blah status confirmed.”

The three of you stand there, surrounded by hallway noise, but suddenly the little bubble you’ve made feels safe.

“Is it fair, though?” Abbey asks, brow furrowing. “To just be… labeled invisible?”

“It’s not fair,” you say. “But maybe it means we don’t have to play anyone else’s game.”

Charlie chuckles. “Exactly. Nobody expects us to be perfect. We screw up? No one remembers. That’s kind of a perk.”

Abbey half-smiles, shaking her head. “Or it’s depressing.”

“Or,” you counter, “it’s freedom. Nobody’s watching, so we can write our own script.”

Abbey considers this, then gives a slow nod. “Maybe being a Blah doesn’t mean we’re nothing. Maybe it means we’re… everything in between.”

For the first time, the word doesn’t feel like an insult. It feels like a secret badge you all wear together.

You finish your notes on the conversation and give your friends a huge hug. “Thanks, guys!” you exclaim. “You’re the best!”

They hug you back, feeling the love. You break apart just in time for the next class.

*set interviewed_blahs true
*set interviews +1
*set trust_charlie +1
*set cool +2
*achieve blahs_interview

*goto_scene section50
