*comment section85

Your chat with the Death Eaters takes longer than the twenty-minute recess and spills over into lunch, by which time Charlie has joined you to get photo coverage. As soon as he has what you need, he leaves again to join the search for Nyx.

You discover that many of the stereotypes regarding the Death Eaters are mostly false. They're not all death-obsessed, emotionally dysfunctional rejects with suicidal tendencies. And they're certainly not Satan worshippers or anarchists who want to overthrow the school through subversion. However, they are a collection of misfits—no two are alike. But what unites them is their common devotion to accepting one another for who they are and in making sure that prejudice is eliminated from the school campus.

In fact, you realize that the Death Eaters are so disparate in their backgrounds that they could have been Blahs. The only real difference is that Blahs want to blend into the crowd and disappear, while the Death Eaters want to stand apart from it and be recognized.

You think that maybe some Blahs like to stand out, too, but they don't necessarily like the look or the reputation that goes with being a Death Eater. You wonder if maybe you might be in that category.

*set interviews +1
*set interviewed_death_eaters true
*achieve death_eaters_interview

Perhaps unsurprisingly, you learn that the Shannon siblings' parents run a teen shelter and that both Keira and River are dedicated to helping out teens in need.

"People come to us all the time," says River, "Especially from the Blahs. Kids often find themselves in terrible situations, and they feel like they have no one else to go to."

Keira chimes in, "So we get them the support they need. Most of the time, it's just advice or a shoulder to cry on. But sometimes it's providing shelter from abuse or helping them escape their home situations and relocating."

At their words, inspiration hits you. "Kylie Addams came to you for help, didn't she?"

Immediately, Keira and River exchange startled glances. Keira fixes you with a pointed look. "What do you mean?" she asks, all traces of joviality disappearing from her face.

"I know that she was a Blah," you say, "I know that she was in some kind of trouble—and I don't think it was just about what happened with Jonas and Mackenzie. And I know that she has disappeared. If she were looking for some kind of escape, it seems likely she would have come to you, given the outreach you guys have."

Keira sucks in her cheeks and compresses her lips in consternation, then she shoots her stepbrother a look. He nods affirmatively to her unasked question. "She did come to us," Keira admits, "but not for herself."

"Was it for Nyx?" you ask quickly.

At this, Keira gasps, but immediately covers it up with a cough.

"We can't say who it was," River says swiftly as his stepsister recovers, "we're bound by confidentiality. But we can say that we couldn't help her in the end."

You look at them quizzically. "Why not?"

"Because," Keira says, paling slightly, "the night we were supposed to meet—the night of the party—she never showed up."

You stare at the step-siblings, stunned.

"You've got to tell me who she was trying to help!" you urge after you recover, "It may be the clue we need to help find her!"

River shakes his head adamantly. "Not happening."

After a few minutes of pleading, you give it up. "Fine," you say, a little angrily, "I'll figure it out myself."

But as you turn to leave, Keira puts a hand on your shoulder. "Jessica," she says, concernedly, "be careful. Whatever Kylie was mixed up in, someone doesn't want us to know about it. If you keep pushing, you might piss them off. And you might end up missing, too."

A cold shiver runs down your spine at her words, but you steel your resolve to find Kylie, no matter what. With a nod of thanks, you leave the Crypt in search of your friends.

*goto_scene section9


