*comment section183

The final bell rings, and you, Charlie, Abbey, and Zack gather your things in silence, the weight of Declan’s words pressing down on all of you. The parking lot bustles with laughter and car engines, but you feel like you’re moving through another world.

“Calling 911 won’t be enough,” you say firmly, clutching your notebook against your chest. “We can’t risk waiting on paperwork. We need Garcia herself to see this.”

Zack nods immediately. “Then we drive straight to the station. I’ll get us there.”

The four of you climb into the cab of Zack’s pickup. The vinyl seats squeak under the press of your weight, and the truck smells faintly of motor oil and old fries. No one talks much. The only sound is the low rumble of the engine and the thud of your pulse in your ears.

Abbey breaks the silence. “If we’re wrong about this…” She doesn’t finish.

“We’re not,” Charlie says quietly, staring out the window. “We can’t be.”

The drive takes less than fifteen minutes, but it feels like hours. When Zack pulls the truck into the visitor lot of the Carlton Police Department, you’re already fumbling with the duffel that holds your recorder, Declan’s screenshot, and Toby’s trace.

Inside, the front desk officer eyes your group warily until you ask for Detective Garcia by name. The officer disappears for a moment, then returns with Garcia herself, dark circles under her eyes, hair pulled back in a quick ponytail.

“What’s this about?” she asks, clearly tired, but her gaze sharpens when she sees your expression.

“It’s about Kylie Addams and Nyx Poulson,” you say.

She sighs but gestures for you to follow. “Alright. Come into my office.”

The small office smells faintly of coffee and old paper. Stacks of case files lean precariously on every surface. Garcia shuts the door and sits heavily at her desk, gesturing at the chairs across from her.

“Start talking,” she says.

You unload everything—Declan’s tip, Toby’s Porsche trace, the photo of the barn, the connection to Janet DiAnglia, even the evidence you’d pieced together on your own. The words spill out faster than you mean them to, your throat tight and dry, your hands shaking as you hand over each piece of proof.

Garcia listens without interrupting, only leaning forward when you show her the screenshot: God, help me not be too late.

Her face hardens.

*if trust_garcia < 1
  *goto_scene section184
*else
  *goto_scene section185
