*comment section194

You keep your breathing as shallow as you can, every inhale a little prayer. The beam from your flashlight trembles against the wood as the voices drift up—closer now, too close. Nyx’s pleading is a thin, desperate thread; Kylie’s fear cracks across it like glass. Ms. Chase’s voice is steady and cold, a teacher’s tones stripped of kindness.

“…you made choices,” she says. “Lessons must be taught.”

A sound like a strangled cry rises from below as the enforcer chokes the life out of Kylie. Then, silence—thicker and heavier than the barn air. With a sickening wet sound, her lifeless body is hung violently on a meathook. Your stomach drops, your mouth goes dry. You glance at Charlie; he is white, eyes huge. Abbey’s fingers dig into your sleeve. Zack is already pulling a small pry bar from the duffel, every muscle taut.

A small, awful noise comes from the trapdoor—a choked, animal sound—and then Abbey makes a sound that rips out of her like a thing that had been held too long: a scream. It cuts the night clean, and everything explodes.

Ms. Chase looks up with enraged surprise. “What?! Who’s there?” she exclaims, pointing her gun up through the trapdoor. And a gunshot cracks—the sound is enormous in the barn’s enclosed space. Abbey collapses. You don’t watch the fall; you only feel instinct shove you forward.

Panic becomes movement: hands grabbing, feet tripping, the hollow clatter of the ladder as you throw yourselves down. The phone light beams spin like searchlights, catching faces for heartbeats—betrayal and shock on Kylie’s features, Nyx’s pleading halted halfway through a sentence. Ms. Chase stands above them, small in the light but monstrous in intent; beside her, a figure looms—larger, composed of muscle and silent menace. For a moment, time slows and you see her clearly: the woman who taught your class, the woman who smiled in staff meetings, now the architect of this horror.

Someone runs. A shadow disappears behind a stack of crates. The enforcer moves like a tide—slow, inexorable, swallowing space and leaving terror. Ms. Chase’s gun is everywhere at once; shots ring that you don’t have time to place. Charlie goes down. Zack shoves you behind an overturned bale and takes a hit as he covers you, collapsing with a sound that breaks you open.

You pivot, heart pounding, and see Abbey struggling to her knees—mouth forming words you can’t catch. Ms. Chase’s voice is calm: “Finish this.” The enforcer’s hand clamps on her, and she is pulled away like a puppet tugged by a cord. You lunge, reckless and furious, and for a mad, terrible second you reach—reach for the gun, reach for the person who used to hand you encouragement on bad days.

You catch the edge of the gun. Your fingers close around cold metal. The world narrows to the two of you: you, a ragged, scared kid, and her, the teacher everyone trusted. She meets your eyes for a heartbeat—no remorse, only the clinical satisfaction of someone closing a case.

Then the enforcer is on you from behind, arms like iron wrapping around your ribs, squeezing breath into a shallow currency. You claw and kick, whatever you can, but his grip is a grammar you’ve never learned to speak. Your vision edges gray at the corners. Your friends’ faces float in front of you—Abbey’s mouth open in a soundless plea, Charlie’s eyes slack, Zack’s jaw slack as he lies very still.

You can’t tell how many breaths you take or how many you lose. The barn becomes a kaleidoscope of noise—your ragged air, Ms. Chase’s quiet orders, the thud as someone else is silenced. Fear pulses through you, but underneath it, a strange, terrible clarity rises. The gun lies a breath away from your fingers. You can feel the enforcer’s hold loosening your limbs from action, from will.

And then, distant and terrible and impossibly real, you hear a sound that has nothing to do with the barn: sirens, keening and urgent, threading the night. They are coming fast—closer—an order to the chaos. Ms. Chase’s expression finally flickers, the smallest fracture in certainty. For a sliver of a second you think she might run. She does not.

The pressure around your chest intensifies and the edges of everything narrow to the single, bright point of sound that is the sirens. You think of the notebook you burned, of the words you wanted to write for Kylie, of the way Declan trusted you enough to hand over the phone. You think of your friends—stiff and still now, their lives bled into the barn’s floor—and the person who betrayed them standing only feet away.

You let out a thin, defiant breath that is more thought than sound: Ms. Chase will be caught. Even through the darkness closing in, you know that is true. The sirens swell, drowning the barn’s final noises—a last, awful promise of the law drawing near.

As the world shuts down around you, the last image you hold is of the flashing lights sweeping the farm road. You feel the enforcer’s grip ease a fraction, as if the world beyond the barn has finally intruded. You let that be enough: that justice is near, that the woman who destroyed your world will not last long in the light.

Then the black comes, and with it a quiet, terrible sorrow that the people you loved will not see that light with you.

The End.

*achieve tragedy_ending
*set endings +1
*set deaths +1
*goto_scene ending

