*comment section82

After a moment of deliberation, you say, "I agree with Abbey. We should tell the authorities right away." You pull out Detective Garcia's business card and read the number.

"Are you sure about this?" Charlie asks as you dial the number on your phone. "You don't think this will delay us or get us into trouble?"

You shake your head confidently. "No," you say, "I think Zack is right. I don't think that Jonas and Mackenzie really had anything to do with her disappearance. If they had, things would have turned out differently when I confronted Jonas. Remember, they had already ruined her reputation. Anything she could have said afterwards would have been dismissed as spiteful gossip."

"Yeah," says Charlie, "but what about their family? They have a lot of power in this town."

You think for a second and then shake your head again. "I don't think they'll be able to do anything to us. We'll have the police on our side."

"If you say so," says Charlie, unconvinced.

"Listen, I gotta go," you say. "I'll call you if I am able to get a hold of Detective Garcia. Otherwise, we'll talk tomorrow."

"Cool," says Abbey, "I'll talk to you later."

"Me, too," says Charlie, "Stay safe, everyone."

They both hang up, and you push the call button for Detective Garcia. After several rings, it goes to a secure voicemail. After the message and the tone, you begin speaking rapidly. "Hello? Detective Garcia? This is Jessica Lane. I have more information on Kylie Addams. Jonas Barrymore just confessed to me that Kylie Addams had found out that he and Mackenzie Hamilton stole money from the Booster club to pay for an abortion. In retaliation, Mackenzie spread a rumor that Kylie tried to seduce Jonas at a party on the night she had disappeared. I don't know if they have anything to do with Kylie’s disappearance, but embezzlement is definitely a crime worth silencing someone over. Especially when your family is as rich and powerful as theirs is. Thank you."

*set talked_to_garcia true

You hang up the phone and stare at it for a moment. You wonder if you did the right thing. Then, with a shake of your head, you dismiss the thought. You have made your decision. Whatever happens as a result will happen. No sense dwelling on it any further.

Quietly, you look over at Zack, who smiles warmly at you.

*set trust_garcia +1

*goto_scene section57


