*comment section44

You close your notebook and lean forward into your seat. “Can I ask you guys something off the record?” you ask.

“Shoot,” says Jonas pleasantly as Mackenzie nods her assent with a gracious nod, ever the queen.

“Being royalty here at Madison High has its perks. But it must be tough always being in the spotlight. You guys are obvious targets for rumor-mongering. Like that one about Kylie Addams. Clearly, these stories are false, right?” you ask. “I mean, you guys are on top of the food chain here at Madison High. How could a girl of her social status even hope to steal a guy of Jonas’s caliber away from you, Mackenzie? Geez, just look at you; you’re beautiful, smart, popular, and rich. She was just a poor Blah with no accomplishments to her name. Do you think someone started the rumor to try to undermine your popularity? Or do you think someone was just using you to try and make Kylie look bad?”

As you flood them with questions, Jonas looks at you at first with alarm, and then with something akin to disgust. “No comment,” he says angrily once you finish.

“No!” says Mackenzie to Jonas, looking like a cat in a fury, “Kylie can’t be allowed to control our lives! We do have a comment!” She turns her head to you. “All those rumors are true! I caught Kylie trying to steal my boyfriend!” She appears stiff with rage, but her body relaxes slightly, as if she were telling an often-repeated tale. “I caught her trying to kiss Jonas at the party. Jonas wasn’t having any of it, of course, but he was trying to refuse her politely. You know what a gentleman he is. But all that did was encourage her. If I hadn’t shown up, who knows what she might have done?” She looks over at Jonas. “Right, sweetie?” she says.

Jonas grimaces with disgust and nods. “Yep,” he says, refusing to look anyone in the eye.

“You see?” demands Mackenzie.

“I do,” you say quickly. “Well,” you say, “all I can say is, I’m glad you put a stop to it. Both of you deserve so much better!”

“Thank you!” says Mackenzie in vindication. “And to think she ran off with that weirdo Zack right afterwards. If you see that toad, tell her I hope she dies and rots in hell. And you can quote me on that.”

“Well then,” you say, shooting Charlie a look. You stand up and throw a wad of money on the table to pay for the desserts. “You two take care.” You and Charlie thank them for their time and quickly leave the restaurant.

“Do you believe their story?” says Charlie as you get into his car.

You shake your head. “Not a word of it. Did you see the tension between the two? They’re definitely hiding something.”

“Yeah,” says Charlie, “but what?”

“I don’t know,” you say. I guess we’ll have to ask Kylie when she finally shows up at school.”

“If she shows up at school,” Charlie replies.

You shudder. For some reason, the thought leaves you feeling empty and cold.

*set trust_jonas -1
*set cool +1

*goto_scene section25
