*comment section46

You head to the parking lot in search of Zack. But before you step off the curb, a voice calls out to you.

“Ms. Lane!” Detective Garcia calls out to you. You stop and turn around. The detective approaches you with a friendly smile and extends her hand in greeting. As you shake, the officer says, “I want to thank you again for the information you’ve given me. I think it will be a real help.”

“That’s no problem, um, Jackie,” you say, remembering to call her by her first name.

Jackie looks at you and purses her lips, but then gives a small shake of her head, deciding something. “Listen,” she says earnestly, “I’m serious about you staying away from this investigation. We’re a very competent group, and we’ll find her. Please don’t risk your life needlessly.”

“Okay,” you say, not looking her in the eyes.

Jackie sighs. “However,” she says, handing you her card. “If you happen to come across any more information, don’t hesitate to give us a call.”

You look at the business card and smile. “Will do, Jackie. Thanks!” You leave the officer behind and place the card in your back pocket.

A moment later, you see Zack waving at you from the other end of the parking lot. Not too far away from him, near the street, you notice a dark metallic gray sports car idling. “I’ve never seen that car around here before,” you think. Curious, you begin to walk towards it, but after you take more than half a dozen steps, it peels off in a fast turn around and throttles quickly away with the roar of its engines. You can’t make out the license plate, but you can see it’s from New Jersey.

“Weird,” you think. And then you reach Zack.

“You get what you need?” he asks, searching your face for clues.

“I think so,” you say excitedly, “I have a lot to tell you.”

“Good,” says Zack, who opens the door for you. “Then get in and explain it on the way home.”

As you do so, you can’t help but feel bad for Kylie. “She was just trying to do the right thing, and look how they smeared her reputation,” you think. It leaves you more determined than ever to find out what happened to her.

*goto_scene section59
