*comment section39

*set trust_zack +1

“Why not?” you ask and get into the pickup.

As Zack pulls back out onto the road, you study him. He seems different today. More relaxed. Less aloof. But still very attractive.

“So why won’t your mom let you get your license?” he asks as he begins to drive.

“It’s mostly her paranoia. Ever since my mom and dad divorced, she’s had this fear of losing me, too,” you admit. “I think her saying that driving isn’t safe is mostly an excuse to keep me around and be dependent on her.”

“That must be tough on both of you,” Zack says.

You give him a sharp look, but you catch his meaning. “Yeah, I suppose it is,” you say. You look at him again and finally get some courage to broach the subject you’ve been wanting to ask him about for days. “I’ve got to say,” you begin, “you’re different from what I imagined.”

“What do you mean?” he asks with a slight edge to his voice.

“At school, you give off this aloof, tough guy vibe. But right now, you seem like you’re more caring and sensitive than anything else. And I have to admit, you seem a lot more relaxed and friendly than I would have been if I were in your shoes this morning.”

“You mean with the police?” he says tightly.

“Yeah,” you admit. “It’s all over school, over a dozen different rumors saying a dozen different things. But none of them are flattering.”

He shoots you a look. “And do you believe any of them?”

“No,” you say simply. “If I did, I certainly wouldn’t have gotten in the truck with you. But I must admit, I am curious as to what happened that night.”

Zack is quiet for a moment. Then he says, “Not much. But maybe more than I know.”

“What does that mean?” you ask.

Zack sighs, then tells you a story. “Kylie was the only person at school who befriended me when I arrived. I was furious at having to leave my friends and move here with my dad, but since my mom passed away last year, I guess it was just too painful for him to remain in the same house and the same town.”

Zack continues, “Anyway, I was mad, and so I guess I pushed people away. Only Kylie is this kind-hearted Christian who wouldn’t take no for an answer. She was the one who invited me to the party last weekend so that I could make more friends. While we’re there, she said she had to talk to Jonas about something… that he needs her help for some reason, and she left to find him. When she came back, she was being chased out by Mackenzie, who accused her of trying to seduce her boyfriend. She called her all kinds of nasty things. She even threatened to kill her if she touched Jonas again.”

“Do you think Kylie tried to seduce Jonas?” you ask.

Zack shakes his head firmly. “Hell, no,” he says. “She’s not that kind of girl. And she definitely wasn’t into Jonas at all. She liked some guy called Nyx, I think.”

Nyx! You start at the name. “So, what happened next?” you ask.

“She begged me to get her out of there, and so I drove her home.” But then Zack slows down the truck to a stop and looks at you. “But when we get there, she tells me to wait a moment. She comes back five minutes later with a large duffle bag and a change of clothes. She has me drop her off at the bus stop downtown. Then she thanks me and asks me not to say a word about this. I ask her what’s going on, and she just smiles and gives me a hug goodbye. And that’s the last I saw of her.”

You stare at Zack for a long moment, your thoughts racing. Nyx and Kylie? What’s the connection? Where was she going? And why? After a while, you notice Zack staring at you, and you blush.

“So,” asks Zack quietly. “Do you believe me?”

You give him a small smile. “Your story would have been more interesting if you had admitted to secretly being a vampire, but, yes, I believe you.”

Zack offers you a full-faced smile for the first time. “Good!” he says. “Now, let me teach you how to drive!”

You look at him in equal parts horror and pleasure. You’re dying to learn, but his truck is a manual transmission, and the whole stick shift thing looks pretty complicated. What if you get into an accident? Besides, your mom might have a cow if she learned you were behind the wheel.

What do you do?

*choice
  #Let him teach you to drive.
    *goto_scene section53
  #Just have him take you home.
    *goto_scene section74
