*comment section45

It was past time to leave. Kylie was waiting. You felt the sense of urgency.

The bass thumps so hard through the gym floor it rattles the snack table. The punch bowl trembles in time with the music, neon lights splashing red and blue across the paper cups stacked by the cookies. You grab one for cover, pretending to sip as Charlie, Zack, and Abbey drift toward you one by one.

“Okay,” Zack mutters, lowering his voice. “This is our window. If we’re gonna make it to MacReady’s barn tonight, we need to move before they start herding people out for the slow dances.”

Charlie glances toward the dance floor where two tired teachers are chatting, looking bored, but alert. “Yeah, except those chaperones are basically hawks. One wrong step and we’ll get hauled back inside.”

Abbey smooths her dress nervously, but her eyes are sharp. “So we distract them. One of us creates a scene, the rest slip out the side doors. Simple.”

“Define simple,” Charlie mutters.

You lean in, setting down your cup. “We don’t have time to overthink this. Who’s the best at drawing attention?”

All three of you look at Abbey.

“What?” she hisses.

Zack grins. “Class president. Everybody watches you anyway. One loud complaint about the sound system, maybe a dramatic trip into the punch bowl…”

Abbey shoots him a glare. “I am not ruining this dress for you people.”

You bite back a laugh. “Okay, okay. Not punch. But if you pull the teachers over to the DJ booth, it’ll give us a clear shot at the doors.”

Abbey sighs, but after a beat she nods. “Fine. But you owe me.”

Charlie straightens his tie, already scanning the exit. “Once she starts, we’ve got maybe thirty seconds before somebody else notices. We’ll stick close to the wall and slip out fast.”

Zack lifts his cup like a toast. “Here’s to bad plans and desperate measures.”

You clink your paper cup against his, adrenaline buzzing under your skin.

Abbey squares her shoulders, sets down her punch, and mutters, “Showtime.” Then she heads straight for the DJ booth, her voice already rising above the music.

The teachers look up, distracted.

“Go,” you whisper, grabbing Charlie and Zack by the sleeves. The three of you melt into the shadows along the wall, the entrance to the dance hall looming just ahead.

*if trust_zack > trust_charlie
  *goto_scene section140
*elseif trust_charlie > trust_zack
  *goto_scene section141
*else
  *goto_scene section142
