*comment section48

You put your notebook down and lean forward with a concerned look on your face. “May I ask you guys a personal question?” you ask and then quickly add, “Don’t worry; it’s off the record.”

Mackenzie and Jonas look at each other and then cautiously nod their consent. “Okay,” says Mackenzie while Jonas says, “Shoot.”

“I heard about what happened with Kylie at the party on Friday,” you say. “I just wanted to say that I am so sorry that you guys had to go through that. It must have been very difficult for both of you.”

Jonas looks at you stiffly and warily mutters a “Thank you”, but Mackenzie tears up immediately.

“It’s just so hard!” she exclaims dramatically. “I mean, I know that a guy as good-looking and faithful as Jonas will have admirers, but for them to stoop to try and steal him from me under my very nose! There’s no lengths that bop won’t go to get what’s mine! Isn’t that right, Jonas?”

Jonas shoots Mackenzie a look and then looks at you and nods wearily. “Yep,” he says softly, “that’s right.”

“So, you think she did it out of jealousy?” you ask.

“Of course!” Mackenzie spits out, “She was just a Blah. And she never had two dimes to rub together. Why wouldn’t she be jealous of my handsome, rich, popular boyfriend? When I think about how I caught her with her hands all over my Jonas, I want to scream!” Mackenzie glares at an imaginary Kylie and squeezes her hands into fists. “I hope that witch dies and rots in hell!” 

You exchange a quick look with Charlie and then ask hesitantly, “What do you think happened to Kylie after you confronted her that night?”

Mackenzie laughs derisively, and Jonas looks away. “Think?” she says, “I don’t have to think! Everybody saw her take off with that weirdo Zack. Apparently, she’ll chase after anything if he’s got two legs. You better watch out, Charlie, or she’ll get you next! And you can quote me on that.”

“Well,” you say, standing up and putting a wad of cash on the table to pay for the desserts as Charlie blushes, “I’m glad you put a stop to her advances. I hope the two of you can get a little peace now.”

“Thanks, Jessi,” says Mackenzie. “Take care.”

You thank Jonas and Mackenzie for their time, and Mackenzie waves goodbye. But Jonas just looks out the window with a concerned expression on his face.

“Do you believe their story?” says Charlie as you get into his car.

You shake your head. “Not a word of it. Did you see the tension between the two? They’re definitely hiding something.”

“Yeah,” says Charlie, “but what?”

“I don’t know,” you say. I guess we’ll have to ask Kylie when she finally shows up at school.”

“If she shows up at school,” Charlie replies.

You shudder. For some reason, the thought leaves you feeling empty and cold.

*set trust_jonas +1
*set cool +1

*goto_scene section25
