*comment section161

As quietly as a mouse, you crawl out the Corolla’s shattered driver’s-side window and drop into the dry irrigation ditch. The dirt crunches faintly under your shoes, but the ditch itself is bone dry, its walls giving you just enough cover.

You creep to the back of the car and silently pull Abbey’s heavy mallet from her duffel bag. The weight feels strange and powerful in your hands. Peeking around the dented tailgate, you watch Ms. Chase approach, her gun raised, her stride calm and deliberate.

Your teacher slows as she nears the front of the Corolla. Charlie lies slumped inside, unconscious and bleeding heavily. You grit your teeth, guilt twisting in your stomach as you mentally apologize for leaving him in the open.

Ms. Chase peers through the passenger window, gun at the ready. When she sees the empty driver’s seat, she hisses, “Damn.” She leans in closer, checking Charlie’s pulse. A frown creases her face when she realizes he’s still alive.

Straightening, she tries to peer across the hood into the field, assuming you bolted into the night. But the Corolla’s tilt in the ditch keeps her from seeing far, so she steps around the front bumper to gain a better angle.

“Jessica!” she calls, voice lilting with mock disappointment. “I never thought you were the type to abandon a friend. Or did you assume poor Charlie was already dead?” Her footsteps crunch closer to the field side of the car.

You tighten your grip on the mallet, breath shallow.

“Well, he’s not,” Ms. Chase laughs coldly. “I’ll tell you what. Give yourself up, and I promise not to shoot him. There’s still time to save him. But if you don’t—” she cocks the pistol with a sharp click, “—I swear I’ll kill him right now. What do you say?”

She leaps suddenly around the front of the car, gun ready, expecting to catch you cowering in the ditch. Finding nothing, she straightens, scanning the wheat field beyond. “Well?” she shouts. “What do you say?”

“Over my dead body!” you roar, springing from the shadows. With all your strength, you swing the mallet in a wide arc. Surprise flashes across her eyes as she spins toward you—then the hammer connects with her cheekbone. Bone crunches; her jaw shatters.

Ms. Chase crumples to the dirt with a strangled cry, the gun spinning out of her hand and clattering across the gravel. Dropping the mallet, you snatch the pistol and aim it at her as she writhes on the ground, blood spilling through her fingers.

Sirens wail in the distance, growing louder.

Ms. Chase props herself up on one trembling arm, her words slurred through broken teeth. “I—I’m going to kill you!”

Several squad cars screech to a stop around you. Officers pour out, weapons drawn. One shouts, “Miss, put the gun down!”

Ms. Chase thrusts her bloody hand toward them, gasping, “Help! Police! She’s trying to murder me!”

The cops’ eyes harden. “Miss, put it down. Hands on your head!”

Your chest heaves. You comply instantly, lowering the pistol carefully to the dirt and lacing your hands on top of your head.

As an officer cuffs you, you lock eyes with Ms. Chase and call out, “She’s lying! This woman is Janet DiAnglia. She’s responsible for Kylie Addams and Nyx Poulson.”

“She’s delusional!” Ms. Chase croaks. “My name is Kelly Chase—I’m a teacher. That girl just shot her friend in the car and tried to kill me!”

The officer behind you starts to lead you away—until you add, “Check my right jacket pocket.”

Confused, he reaches in and pulls out your digital recorder. Static crackles before Ms. Chase’s unmistakable voice echoes into the night: “Okay, fine. One final interview. I’ll give you three questions before I kill you. Consider it a professional courtesy.”

The officer snaps it off. Ms. Chase’s eyes widen in horror.

“Always get a recording,” you remind her bitterly. “Thanks for the tip, Ms. Chase.”

Immediately, two officers rush her and press her into the dirt as they cuff her. Your own cuffs are quickly removed.

“Thank you,” you gasp, turning to the nearest officer. “But please—help Charlie. He’s been shot!”

Paramedics swarm the Corolla within minutes, lifting Charlie carefully and loading him into an ambulance. Red and blue lights flash across the ditch as Detective Garcia strides up.

“Your friends got word to me,” she says briskly. “I brought backup.”

“Just in time,” you breathe, still trembling.

Garcia raises an eyebrow. “Didn’t I tell you to leave this case to the police?”

You flush. “Yeah… you did. Guess I forgot.”

Garcia sighs and pulls you into a quick, tight hug. “Don’t make me regret saving your skin. Next time, call the station. Or better yet, 911.”

You manage a shaky laugh. “Right. I’ll remember. Promise.”

But the truth still presses on your heart. Kylie and Nyx will never get a second chance.

You will.

*set cool +1

*if kissed_charlie
  *goto_scene section163
*else
  *goto_scene section167


