*comment section59

On the car ride home with Zack, you get your friends on a group chat and tell them what you have learned about Jonas and Mackenzie and what they did to Kylie. Charlie gives a low whistle, “That’s low,” he says, “even considering their Glitterati.”

“I know, right?” you say, “We’ve just got to find out what happened to Kylie and try to make it right.”

“But shouldn’t we tell somebody about Mackenzie and Jonas?” asks Abbey. “That’s totally messed up. They shouldn’t get away with this!”

You glance over at Zack as he drives with a deep furrow in his brow. He’s back to his bad boy gear--ripped jeans, a muscle shirt, and a leather jacket. It fits his mood, but you can’t help but think his cowboy look suits him better. You shake your head from the distraction. “I don’t know,” you say, “What they did is illegal, but I could tell Jonas regrets what he’s done. He seems sincere in trying to give back the money that he stole.”

Abbey protests, “So what? Look what they did to Kylie! They deserve it.”

Charlie grunts. “Erm, although I agree with Abbey–”

“Thank you!” she interrupts.

Charlie continues unperturbed, “Aren’t we inviting more trouble for ourselves by exposing this directly? I mean, it’s not just Jonas and Mackenzie. It’s their rich parents and the whole system we’d be up against.”

Abbey squeals in anger, “That shouldn’t matter!”

Charlie nods furiously, “I know. I know. But think about it! First, we don’t have any proof. It’s our word against theirs. And second, if they are powerful enough to make Kylie disappear, who's to say they can’t make us disappear, too?”

A dead silence follows these words.

“I mean…” Abbey tries to speak, but her words trail off weakly.

For a moment, the only sound that can be heard is the hum of Zack’s truck as he continues to drive down the country lane.

Finally, Zack speaks, “I would give Jonas a chance to do the right thing. We can tell him that either he confesses, or we will have to tell the authorities. It’s his choice. If he is sincere in his regret, he will speak up. If not, then we will be forced to expose them.”

Abbey shakes her head, “Won’t that just be warning them and giving them time to… um… deal with us? If we tell the authorities right away, we can get at least some protection.”

Zack continues, “I believe Jessi when she says his regret is sincere. But even if it isn’t, I don’t think we will be in any more danger than we already are. Jonas and Mackenzie already know that we know their secret. They don’t want this out in public, but it’s too risky for them to do something to us directly. And come to think of it, how can we be sure if they really did anything to Kylie other than ruin her reputation? I think we’re safe in giving Jonas a chance to make things right.”

Charlie sighs, “Or we could save ourselves some trouble and let the universe deal with them. It’s not our job. Our job is  to find Kylie.”

What will you do?

*choice
  #Immediately tell the authorities about Jonas and Mackenzie.
    *goto_scene section82
  #Give Jonas a chance to confess his crimes.
    *goto_scene section40
  #Ignore Jonas and Mackenzie and focus on finding Kylie.
    *goto_scene section55

