*comment section12

At recess, you find Abbey and Charlie waiting for you beside your usual hangout spot on a bench near the dogwood tree beside the outdoor basketball courts.

"Hi Charlie," you say, giving him a friendly wave.

Charlie looks up at you excitedly with his spectacled warm brown eyes and says, "Hey, Jessi! You look good today!" Where Abbey is short and sharp-featured, with black hair and an athletic build, Charlie is tall and open-faced, with dark brown hair and a stoutish figure.

Abbey rolls her eyes good-naturedly and says, "And there’s Charlie’s Jessica Lane compliment of the day." Charlie stares at her, at a loss for words, but Abbey doesn’t seem to mind. She leans towards Charlie with a gleam in her eyes. "Tell me, Charlie, how come you never give me any compliments? Hmm? Only Jessi! Explain that."

Charlie, recovered from his surprise, retorts, "Oh, that’s easy—I don’t compliment cave trolls."

You burst out laughing while Abbey stares at him, spluttering. "He got you there, Abs," you say with a grin.

"You’re the cave troll," Abbey mutters under her breath.

"But you know who’s not a cave troll?" you ask. And when both your friends look at you, you nod your head to the figure walking by. "Zack Jayson."

"Oh my God, he’s here!" exclaims Abbey. "And without Kylie. How interesting!"

You watch Zack as he leans with his back against a nearby oak tree, arms folded, and you melt a little. He is hot. Long-limbed, lean, with definite muscle definition and golden brown hair that is just long enough to be rakish. "Very interesting," you say, your journalistic instincts warring with your desire not to drool.

Charlie sees your expression and frowns, shaking his head. "What’s so great about him?" he asks. "He doesn’t have any friends, and he puts on this show of being a badass, but he doesn’t really do anything other than stand around looking like a Stephanie Meyers character! He’s just another freak show."

"Charlie!" you admonish.

Abbey also chimes in, "Yeah, don’t be a hater just because you’re jealous."

"I’m not jealous," he protests, "I’m just concerned! Look at what he’s done with Kylie. They go off together, and now she’s missing."

"How do you know about that?" you ask.

Charlie flushes a bit, and he stammers, "Well, girls aren’t the only ones who can listen to gossip."

"Make up your mind, Charlie," Abbey says. "Is he a do-nothing, or is he a dangerous bad boy?"

Charlie raises his hands, "Look, all I’m saying is he seems like trouble."

"Well, let’s find out!" Abbey says with an excited grin. She looks over at you. "Jessi," she says, "I dare you to go and talk to him."

"What?" you ask, with a strange feeling of dread and excitement rising in your stomach. "Why?"

"You tell me!" says Abbey. "First of all, you’re totally into him. Second, he’s not with anyone. And third, he might be a potential story lead."

You look at Charlie, who frowns and looks away, and then you look at Zack. Indecision wars across your face.

*choice
  #Approach Zack.
    *goto_scene section54
  #Don’t approach Zack.
    *goto_scene section68
  #Have Abbey approach Zack for you.
    *goto_scene section98
