*comment section148

The barn looms in front of you, taller and darker than it seemed from a distance. The padlock glints in the thin beam of your flashlight, a stubborn gatekeeper daring you to try.

You swallow, your throat dry, and whisper to yourself, “Front door it is. Just make it quick.”

The mallet feels heavy in your hands as you dig Abbey’s chisel out of the duffel. The night air smells faintly of damp hay and rust, and every cricket chirp feels like it echoes your nervous heartbeat.

You kneel at the barn doors and wedge the chisel against the lock. The metal is icy beneath your fingers. Raising the mallet, you slam it down hard.

The strike rings out like a gunshot, a metallic crack that ricochets off the barn and out into the fields. The echo makes your skin prickle.

“Too loud,” you mutter, your whisper swallowed by the night. “Way too loud.”

The lock holds, barely scratched. Gritting your teeth, you hit it again. And again. Each strike rattles your arms to the elbows, each impact louder than the last. Your breath comes fast, your nerves stretched thin, but you keep going until, at last, the padlock clatters to the ground.

Relief surges through you. “Finally,” you whisper, shoving the doors apart. The hinges groan in protest, shrieking like an alarm.
And then — another sound answers.

A deafening crack splits the night, sharper than anything you’ve heard. The air trembles around you, and instinct drops you to your knees. 

A hot sting flares in your shoulder, the world narrowing to white pain.

Your flashlight tumbles, beam rolling across the gravel. You look down at your hands and see blood streaming down it, hot and red. Footsteps crunch closer — deliberate, steady. A figure steps into the circle of light, a dark silhouette framed by the barn. The scent of gunpowder lingers in the air, sharp and metallic.

“Please,” you gasp, clutching your shoulder, the warmth spreading beneath your hand. “Please, don’t. I don’t want to die.”

The only reply is the mechanical crack that ends the night.

The world goes black.

Kylie’s mystery dies with you. The scraps of evidence you found are never pieced together, the true identity of Di’Anglia fades into rumor, and weeks later the town whispers about Nyx — gone from an overdose.

Years later, all anyone remembers are the questions that never found answers.

The End.

*set endings +1
*set deaths +1
*goto_scene ending
