*comment section99

You decide to play along. He may be lacking in social skills, but he’s an important source. You decide to get his statement first and be offended later. Besides, he may have a point. You don’t feel close to any particular clique, so by definition, you could be a Blah. 

“Almost right,” you inform Toby with a grin. “Actually, I am the Blah Queen. And while Charlie here is technically a Blah, he is applying for membership in the Geek Squad, the little traitor.”

Charlie looks at you, about to protest, but you kick him with the side of your foot. He gets it and shuts up.

Toby witnesses the exchange and smiles with a knowing smirk and adjusts his glasses with a practiced thumb. “I see,” he says. “Guys,” he shouts over his shoulder without looking. “What do you say we make Charlie an honorary member of the Geek Squad.”

“Sure.”

“Cool.”

“Yeah, okay.”

The members of the Geek squad all give their consent, most without looking up from their screens.

“Okay, Charlie, you’re in,” said Toby with a satisfaction that says you must have passed some sort of test.

“Um, thanks,” says Charlie, looking at you a little lost.

You smile at Toby and also thank him.

“Now, what can I really do for you?” asks the leader of the Geek Squad. 

“I’d like to interview you for the Post,” you say. “I’m doing a piece on cliques and how they affect the lives of the students here at Madison High.”

Toby grunts and looks back at his game. “Sure thing,” he says. “Guys,” he calls out over his shoulder, “I’m going to be AFK for a while. It’s just a practice match, so Z-dawg, you can take point, or you guys can shut it down and join Blah and her honorary Geek Squad partner and me in getting your name in the paper.”

Several members of the Geek Squad, including two of the females in the group, agree and gather around you and Charlie. This was going better than you had imagined. “Okay, Blah,” Toby says, sitting back against the lunch table. “What is it you want to know?”

While Charlie snaps off several candid shots with his camera, you begin to ask questions about what it means to be a member of the Geek Squad and how it affects their relationship with other people on campus. Several of their answers were very insightful--especially from the girl members of the clique who had very interesting things to say about sexism and identity both within the clique and without.
By the time you’re done, you have made some very good notes, and your hand is cramped from writing. You thank Toby and the others for their time when the bell rings and head off to class.

*set interviews +1
*set trust_toby +1
*set cool +1
*achieve geek_squad_interview

*goto_scene section66
