*comment section09

Your interview with the Death Eaters took so long that you didn’t have time to meet with your friends at the end of lunch. You try to get a hold of Jonas at the end of class and during your passing periods, but he purposely avoids you, stalking quickly away the moment he sees you.
By the end of the day, you have grown frustrated. You stalk to your locker and tear it open to put in your books. You fail to notice a folded letter that has been slipped into the door as it falls to the ground beside you.
But Charlie does. “Hey, what’s this?” he asks as he walks towards you.
“What’s what?” you ask. And then you see the note. Charlie hands it to you, and you open it. It reads:

Stop looking for Nyx. Or else!

“Whaa--?” you ask in disbelief.
“Let me see,” Charlie says and takes the note from your hand. “Oh, man!” he groans.
Just then, Abbey and Zack walk up to where you and Charlie stand open mouthed.
“Trying to catch some flies?” Abbey teases. Then Charlie hands her the note. “Oh. My. God!” she exclaims.
Zack, who was reading over her shoulder, whistles. “This is not good. I was going to say I found out where Nyx lives, but it may be a moot point now.”
“What should we do about this?” asks Charlie.
“Is this even for real?” asks Abbey.
You nod your head. “I think it is.” Then you explain what you have learned from the Death Eaters.
“Oh, man!” Charlie groans again.
“Jessi,” says Abbey, “you have to tell the principal!”
“No,” says Zack, “Not good enough. You have to go to the police. Talk to Detective Garcia. She’s still on campus following up on some leads. She’ll help you, I think.”
Charlie nods his head. “I agree with Zack. This story isn’t worth your life. I think it’s time to leave it to the professionals.”
You think about it. It would be a good idea to tell the police. But then, they might contact your mom, and your pursuit of Kylie will come to a premature end. “But is that really such a bad idea?” you think. You might be in danger, and the police were surely more qualified than you to find a missing teenager. But you can’t shake the feeling that the police might overlook something that a kid like you wouldn’t.

*if eavesdrop_on_garcia
    *goto_scene section121

What do you do?

*choice
    #Talk to the police and stop pursuing the story.
        *goto_scene section87
    #Talk to the police, but keep pursuing the story.
        *goto_scene section30
    #Ignore the risks and keep working on the story without the police.
        *goto_scene section38
