*comment section130

*set cool +1

You glance at Toby's unimpressed smirk and feel your stomach twist. Clearly, you'll need to sweeten the deal. Literally.

Unzipping your backpack, you pull out a stash of contraband: half-crushed chip bags, a king-sized candy bar, and — the crown jewel — a cold can of neon-green energy drink still sweating with condensation.

"Okay, look," you say, spreading the offerings across the desk like treasure. "I know I don't have your trust yet, but I do have snacks. And caffeine. Unlimited supply, if you're willing to help."

One of the Squad members swivels forward immediately, eyes wide. "Is that Voltage Surge? The cafeteria vending machine never stocks that."

Toby raises an eyebrow, trying to act unimpressed, but you catch the flicker of interest in his gaze. He taps the can with one finger. "Snacks and Surge, huh? Not exactly currency, Lane."

"Maybe not," you counter, sliding the candy bar closer to him. "But it'll keep you alive during all-nighters. Seems like a fair trade for one license plate trace."

The room falls silent for a moment before Toby snorts and scoops up the drink. "Fine. Junk food for hacking. That's your rate. But don't think you're buying loyalty."

Behind him, the rest of the Squad is already tearing into the chips.

"Okay," he says, turning back to you and Charlie and taking the photograph. "Consider it done. We'll get back to you ASAP. Now, go away and let us work. Trade secrets and all that."

You thank Toby and his friends and leave the corner of the lunchroom. You and Charlie hook up with the rest of your friends and catch everybody up on what has happened.

You find out that Abbey was able to get away scot free with the security guard by flirting a little and pretending to be looking for a lost earring.

But as the day drags on, you keep looking at your cell phone and willing it to ring. Charlie had assured you that it would only take a couple of hours for the Geek Squad to get the information and get back to you. "Come on, guys," you think, "call me!"

As you think about Kylie and Nyx and drug dealers, you suddenly remember you haven't gotten an official statement from the Delinquents clique yet. You wonder if it's worth it. Finding Kylie seems more important than the article at this point, but your journalistic integrity is nagging at the corners of your mind.

What do you do?

*choice
  #Find the Delinquents and get their perspective on the article.
    *goto_scene section171
  #Leave them alone and focus on writing the article and finding Kylie.
    *goto_scene section172
