*comment section80

The next day, your mom brings you to the hospital to visit Zack, who is resting and in stable condition over at the Carlton Memorial Hospital. As you walk into his room with a vase of flowers, she waits in the hall to give you a moment alone with him.

“Hey, you,” you say when you see him lying in the hospital bed. His shoulder and side are wrapped in gauze, and his face is pale--well, paler than usual--but otherwise he seems fine.

When he sees you, his face lights up. “Hey, Jessi,” he says. “I’m so glad you came!”

“So am I,” you say, and sit on the corner of his bed.

“I see you’ve brought me flowers,” he says with a small, crooked smile.

“It’s tradition,” you say, setting them on the bed stand. “But if you’d rather have a more manly gift…”

Your voice trails off with a smile, and Zack shakes his head. “No,” he says decidedly, “They’re perfect.”

“Good,” you say, staring fondly into his eyes.

“Listen, Jess,” he says, “I want to thank you for saving my life back there. I don’t even want to think what might have happened if it wasn’t for your quick thinking.”

“Forget about it,” you say quickly, “I’m just sorry I got you involved in all of this.”

“Not me,” he says. “If it wasn’t for you, I’d still be a loner out there pretending to be brave.” He puts his hand on yours, “Without you, I wouldn’t know who I am--and what kind of man I want to be.”

Your heart melts, and you stare into his eyes. But as you do so, you begin to blush at your thoughts. “You know,” you finally say with a sly smile, despite the flush in your face, “the knight who rescues the lady fair usually gets a token of her appreciation at the end of the story.”

Zack looks at you with interest. “Oh?” he asks with a smirk, “Would you like my handkerchief to wear into battle?”

“No,” you say, your smile and your blush deepening. “But there is something I would like…”

“Oh?” asks Zack again, no longer smirking, but smoldering. “And what is that?”

Slowly, you lean forward until your face is next to his and your breaths mingle together. “What do you think?” you whisper, looking deeply into his eyes, your lips next to his.

“Oh, that,” he whispers back.

You press forward and kiss Zack, gentle at first, then with quite a bit more heat. “My face must be as red as a lobster right now,” you think, “but it’s worth every moment!” A minute later, you pull back a bit, trying to catch your breath.

*image kissing_zack

Zack looks up into your eyes and smiles. “My hero,” he says fondly.

You laugh.

*if trust_jonas <= 1
  *goto_scene section4
*else
  *goto_scene section90
