*comment section158

You throw Charlie’s arm over your shoulders, nearly buckling under his weight as you half-drag, half-carry him toward the Corolla. His breath is shallow, each step pulling a low grunt from him.

At the car, you fumble for the keys with trembling fingers, finally pressing the button until the locks chirp open. As you shove Charlie into the passenger seat, you feel a flicker of relief—this won’t be like trying to wrangle Zack’s hulking pickup. The Corolla is familiar, compact, something you’ve practiced on in empty lots. If you can just get it moving, you might stand a chance.

Charlie groans as his head lolls against the window. “Jessi…”

“Save your strength,” you whisper fiercely, buckling him in before running around to the driver’s side.

The cold metal of the door handle bites into your fingers. You slide into the seat, slam the door, and jam the key into the ignition. The engine coughs to life, rattling like it always does, but it’s sound enough to make your chest ache with hope.

Then—behind you—the barn door bangs open. A voice cuts across the night air, sharp and furious.

“I see you!”

A shot cracks. The sound ricochets through the fields. You flinch as the bullet whistles past the car, so close you feel the air stir by your ear.

Your hands seize the wheel, knuckles whitening. “Not tonight,” you mutter.

The Corolla lurches forward, tires spinning in the soft earth before they catch the gravel road. The headlights carve narrow tunnels of light through the dark. Your heart hammers in rhythm with the engine’s strained growl.

Another shot rings out. The rearview mirror shakes with the impact as the bullet shatters the glass behind you. Charlie groans, shifting weakly in his seat.

“Hang on!” you cry, stomping the accelerator. The Corolla rattles but obeys, speeding down the rutted track, every bump jarring your bones.

Your chest burns as the night rushes by, the barn shrinking in the distance, Ms. Chase’s shadow swallowed by the dark.

You grip the wheel tighter. The car isn’t just a way out—it’s the thin line between survival and silence.

Beside you, Charlie slumps, but his hand finds yours for just a moment. “Don’t… stop,” he breathes.

“I won’t,” you whisper back, voice breaking. “I swear I won’t.”

The Corolla barrels into the night, carrying you both away from the trap below.

You drive until your hands throb white on the wheel, lungs burning, the gravel road throwing up a spray behind the Corolla. For a few ragged minutes you dare to breathe — until a pair of headlights slices into your rearview mirror like twin knives. The Porsche’s engine roars, a low, hungry sound that makes the windows tremble.

It rockets past the hedgerow and pulls up beside you in a flash of chrome. For a heartbeat the world narrows to metal and glass: Ms. Chase’s face a pale cut in the window, the barrel of a gun glinting as she leans out and levels it at you.

Your stomach drops. Instinct takes over. You stomp the clutch and brake at the same time. The Corolla jerks, the back end breaks loose, and you feel the car fishtail beneath you — rubber screaming on gravel. The steering wheel fights your hands. The world tilts as you spin, snowing up grit and dirt, then slams to a sudden halt as the rear fenders bite into a fence post and the undercarriage drops into a shallow irrigation ditch with a grinding, breath-stopping thunk.

The engine ticks like a furious insect. You can see your own breath in the cold air. Your heart thunders so loud it drowns the roar of the Porsche as it squeals to a stop and stretches across both lanes, a dark wall of metal. Headlights smear and glare. The scent of hot rubber and oil hangs thick and sharp.

You yank the key. The engine turns—an ugly, desperate whine—but it doesn’t catch. You try again. The starter groans and dies. A bitter metallic smell of overheated wiring licks at your nostrils.

From the Porsche, Ms. Chase’s silhouette steps forward, each movement precise. You can see her reload the gun with a cold, mechanical calm that makes your skin prickle. Gravel scrunches under her heels as she approaches. The cold air seems to close in; even the night sounds — crickets, a distant dog — feel far away.

You have a sliver of time. Your breath comes shallow and quick. Charlie is slumped beside you, pale, breathing but fading; his hand twitches at your sleeve. Ahead, Ms. Chase’s shadow falls over the hood of the Corolla as she nears, gun angled, expression unreadable.

You only have a moment to act.

What do you do?

*choice
  #Attempt to ambush Ms. Chase.
    *goto_scene section161
  #Attempt to start the car one more time.
    *goto_scene section162
