*comment section26

A few minutes after seven, there is a knock at your front door. As your mom opens it, you walk slowly down the stairs. A moment later, Charlie steps into the entryway holding a single rose.

He looks up at you nervously, and his awkwardness is a bit endearing. He is wearing a brown tweed suit, a blue collared shirt, and a brilliant teal tie. He stares at you in awe as you descend the stairs in your blue empire-style dress and high heels. You are rather proud that you don’t stumble on the way down since you rarely wear heels, being more of a comfort than a style girl.

When you reach him, he hands you the flower, and you give him a peck on the cheek. When he blushes, you grin and brush a strand of hair away from your face that has escaped your braided updo.

Charlie stutters, “Y-you’re beautiful.”

“Thank you,” you say, “You’re not so bad yourself.” You’re kind of amazed at how striking and mature he looks in that suit and your heart swells a little within you.

Charlie smiles and says, “You ready to go?”

“Yep,” you say, “all packed,” and you point to the rather stuffed-looking duffle bag that is set next to the door.

“No! Wait,” your mom shouts and pushes the two of you together. “I have to take a picture, you both look so cute together!”

You patiently wait and smile as your mom snaps a shot, then you both quickly leave for the dance.

The Carlton Heights Victorian Gardens are much more beautiful in the evening than it is in the day. The dance hall invites you closer with the twinkling of fairy lights in the trees and shrubs. There is even a horse and carriage out front for moonlit rides. In stark contrast, the blast of rave music pulses from the open doors.

You quickly find your friends and stow everything away in the back of Zack’s pickup truck. Then you make your way into the dance hall, getting ready to mingle before you rendezvous with your friends back at the truck at nine.

You and your friends visit with people, visit the snacks table, and dance with each other, generally having a good time.

But when the first slow dance comes on, Charlie tries to pull you away with him. “Um, y-you want to dance?” he asks hopefully.

What do you do?

*choice
    #Are you into it?
        *goto_scene section133
    #Are you not feeling it?
        *goto_scene section134
