*comment section112

“Please?” you ask one more time. “You guys are my best friends. I just need some perspective for the article.”

Abbey groans, tipping her head back against the locker. Her campaign button for junior class president gleams under the fluorescent light. “Seriously? I work my butt off in student council, and you’re still saying I’m a Blah?”

Charlie laughs, though it comes out more nervous than amused. He pushes his glasses higher, the lenses flashing. “Better than being half-Geek, half-nothing, like me. At least you’re prez. I’m just… filler.”

You raise your pen, trying not to show how much their reactions sting. “I’m not trying to insult anyone. I just want to know what the label means.”

Abbey crosses her arms. “Okay, fine,” she says. “It means people see me as invisible if I’m not rich enough to hang with the Glitterati. Doesn’t matter if I plan fundraisers or run assemblies. If you don’t sparkle, you don’t count.”

Charlie shrugs. “I dunno. Sometimes being in the background is nice. Nobody expects you to win Homecoming or break a track record. You get to coast. Less pressure.”

Abbey shoots him a look. “Less pressure? Try being ignored every time you open your mouth in class. Or working twice as hard just to get noticed.”

Charlie grins faintly. “Sure, but if you screw up? Nobody remembers either. That’s the perk.”

Their words bounce back and forth, like they’ve argued about this before.

You scribble notes furiously, your pen scratching against the page. “So… is being a Blah good or bad?”

Abbey exhales. “It’s not fair. We’re more than the label, but we don’t get to choose what people see.”

Charlie tilts his head. “Maybe it’s both. A curse when you want the spotlight. A blessing when you don’t.”

The hallway noise swells around you—laughter, slamming lockers, someone calling down the hall—but in your notebook, their words land heavy.

“Thank you guys,” you say as you put away your notebook. “You guys are the best!”

Your friends give supportive, but somehow sad smiles, and wave goodbye as they leave for their classes.

*if interviewed_blahs = false
  *set interviewed_blahs true
  *set interviews interviews +1
  *achieve blahs_interview


*goto_scene section50
