*comment section190

You press flat against the warped floorboards, the wood rough under your palms. The barn smells of hay and oil; every breath tastes like dust. Charlie’s shoulder is a steady weight beside you; Abbey’s fingers clutch the edge of her phone until her knuckles blanch. Zack’s ear is almost touching the slit you pried open. Down below, voices drift up—distant at first, then sharp enough to make your pulse spike.

“Please,” Nyx is saying. The rasp of his voice scrapes at your ribs. “I’ll do what you want. I’ll—just don’t—”

“Kylie!” another voice wails, smaller, terrified. It’s her—you know that sound anywhere. “Nyx, please, don’t—”

A third voice answers, blunt and controlled, the same clipped cadence Ms. Chase uses when she corrects a paper: “You made your choices, Nyx. You made trouble. Now you’ll help me clean it up.” The words fall like a scalpel.

Your skin crawls. Someone flicks a lighter. The soft rattle of a bottle, the sharp whisper of metal. You hear the enforcer moving—heavy, measured footsteps. The sound of leather on concrete, the muffled breath of someone far too big to be gentle.

Nyx pleads in full sentences now, bargaining as if bargaining could change what’s been decided. “I didn’t mean—Kylie didn’t mean—please—” His voice breaks.

Ms. Chase’s answer is clinical, almost bored. “No. You’ll learn why we have rules, and you’ll learn how to keep your mouth shut. You will watch what happens to her. Then we’ll make yours look accidental.” She says the word accident as if explaining weather. “No one will look closely. Snow Queen covers every trace.”

Your hand goes ice-cold on the wood. “You can’t do that,” someone below whispers. It’s Nyx, barely audible.

“You should have been useful,” Ms. Chase replies. “You should have done what you were told and sold the shipments. Instead you spoke. Now you will pay.” Her voice hardens into something that makes your bones ache.

A metallic sound—too precise to be anything but a tool—clicks. You hear the enforcer’s low chuckle. “No loose ends,” he says.

The words no loose ends land like a stone. The realization rises sick and hot in your throat: this isn’t a threat for later. It’s a plan for right now. Ms. Chase isn’t waiting for another night; she has a chaperone badge to wear at the dance, and she’s chosen to use whatever minutes remain before she must return to that role. There is a sharp, ferocious intent in her voice you’ve never heard before.

You stiffen. The whole world narrows until it’s nothing but the trapdoor and the ragged sound of the three voices below. Abbey makes a tiny noise—breath held too long—and you clamp a hand over her mouth. Charlie’s fingers dig into yours with equal force; his other hand is already on his phone. Zack inhales, a quiet, steadying sound, and for the first time since you climbed up here you feel the cold press of real, immediate danger.

And then the thing that makes your mouth go dry with a new kind of horror: Ms. Chase says the place where she plans to do it. Her voice is almost conversational. “We’ll do it now, while there are still fewer witnesses. Afterward, the world will call it an accident. We’ll tidy the ledger. Snow Queen will take care of the rest.”

You feel your legs go weak. Ms. Chase is Di’Anglia. The woman who taught you leads in the very crimes you were following. The revelation is a physical blow; your vision pins with disbelief and a cold, personal betrayal.

You can hear Kylie sobbing, Nyx keening for mercy. The enforcer shifts his weight, the sound a reminder that they are not alone down there—that whatever is coming, it will be quick and final unless you stop it.

Choices hang in the stale air like dust motes: drop down and try to rescue them now; call for help and hope the police can arrive in time; wait and eavesdrop a little longer to learn more and risk the schedule racing past you. Your friends look at you, eyes wide, the moment taut as a held breath. Whatever you do next, you know there’s no time to waste.

What do you do?

*choice
  #Now is the time for action!
    *goto_scene section192
  #Scream for help and hope the police arrive.
    *goto_scene section193
  #Eavesdrop just a little longer.
    *goto_scene section194
