*comment section37

That night, you get on a group chat with your friends. You quickly explain the situation and your plan. “We’ll keep trying to get a hold of Detective Garcia. But either way, we’ll sneak off during the dance and try to search the MacReady barn for clues regarding Kylie’s whereabouts,” you say excitedly.

“But Jessi,” Abbey protests, looking worried, “you said that the barn is locked up and the windows are boarded shut. How are we going to get inside?”

“That’s nothing a crowbar or two can’t fix,” you say confidently, “Unless any of you have some lock picking skills I may not know about.”

Zack nods in his PIP display on your laptop monitor. “I agree,” he says, “But we ought to bring a change of clothes and some flashlights, too. We can’t be breaking and entering in our formal wear.”

“You can if you’re James Bond,” Abbey quips.

Charlie chimes in. “No, Zack is right,” he says excitedly, “We can dress in camouflage or all black jumpsuits. We’ll be a special forces unit!”

“Or a SWAT team,” agrees Zack.

“Or ninjas!” exclaims Charlie.

“Ugh,” complains Abbey, rolling her eyes, “boys!”

“Hey,” Charlie protests, “the point is we’ll be able to move around freely with minimum visibility and look cool. You can’t tell me you don’t think you’d rock an all-black jumpsuit, Abbey!”

Abbey rolls her eyes. “Of course, I would,” she says condescendingly, “but you don’t have to be such a dork about it!”

Charlie mutters under his breath, “You’re the dork…”

You bring back their focus to the topic at hand. “Okay,” you say, “Are we all in agreement?”

Everyone nods.

“Great!” you say, “Remember the list of things I want you to bring: Charlie, we need your camera; Abbey, we need you to bring the crowbars, mallet and chisel from your dad’s construction business; and Zack, you’re driving since you’re the only one who has a four-wheel drive vehicle. Just in case.”

“And I’ll bring the cavalry,” you say, holding up Detective Garcia’s business card. “We’ll meet again after school tomorrow for a final meeting and then rendezvous at the Carlton Heights Victorian Garden at eight.”

You look at everyone’s face displayed on your monitor. “Let’s do this,” you say, “for Kylie.”

“For Kylie,” they each repeat.

“Good luck, everybody,” you say, “and goodnight.”

You shut your laptop and set it aside on your bedside stand and sigh. “One way or another,” you think, “everything will be resolved tomorrow.”

*if interviews >= 4
  *goto_scene section27
*else
  *goto_scene section201

