*comment section206

Mr. Dean leans back in his chair, fingers steepled. “You and your friends ditched class. Left campus without permission. That’s a serious offense, Jessica.”

You open your mouth to respond, but before you can, your mom cuts in sharply.

“Really, Mr. Dean? We’re talking about my daughter. Jessica Lane. Straight-A student, dependable, editor of your newspaper. The girl who spends more time worrying about her deadlines than her own social life.” Her eyes narrow, her tone fierce. “And you want to lecture her over skipping a class or two?”

Dean blinks, taken aback, but your mom isn’t finished. She leans forward across the desk.

“Teenagers play hooky sometimes. It’s part of growing up. God forbid one of them doesn’t sit in a desk for a couple of hours. Jessica has never given me one ounce of trouble in her life. If she made a mistake, I assure you, it wasn’t out of recklessness. She’s more trustworthy and responsible than most adults I know.”

Her words hang in the air like thunder. For a long moment, Dean looks from her to you, his expression stiff. Finally, he sighs.

“Perhaps I overreacted,” he admits reluctantly. “Given Jessica’s record, I’m willing to treat this as a warning.”

“Good,” your mom says crisply, sitting back in her chair with arms folded. “That’s exactly what it should be.”

Relief washes over you. You lower your eyes to your lap, cheeks burning, grateful you don’t have to explain the truth about Kylie, Nyx, or the investigation that consumed you.

Dean clears his throat. “Don’t make me regret this, Jessica. Next time, there will be consequences.”

“There won’t be a next time,” your mom says for you, her voice firm enough to end the conversation.

By the time you leave the office, you’re shaken but free. No police interviews. No drawn-out explanations. Just a warning on record and a mother who refused to let them drag you through the mud.

And yet, as you walk down the hallway, the relief fades. The MacReady Barn still weighs on your mind. Kylie and Nyx are still missing. And you still don’t know if you’ll ever see either of them alive again.

You say goodbye to your mom and plan to meet your friends after school. You are more determined than ever to find Kylie and you will let nothing else stop you.

*goto_scene section16
