*comment section107

Ms. Chase looks at you expectantly, red pen still in hand from when she got up from her desk to approach you. As you hesitate, she gives you her no-nonsense stare that makes even the loudest kids go quiet.

“Jessica,” she says. “What is it you’re after?”

Your heart stutters. She’s heard. Of course she has. Teachers always hear.

You hesitate, notebook limp in your hands. Before you can tell her never mind, that it doesn’t matter, she answers for you.

“It’s Kylie Addams, isn’t it? I already heard about your little stunt—trying to spy on Detective Garcia’s interviews.”

Heat creeps up your neck. The hum of the fluorescent lights above suddenly feels louder, sharper.

Ms. Chase leans down just enough that only you can hear. “I like your instincts. You want answers. You want the truth. That’s good. But you crossed a line today. Interfering with an active police investigation isn’t journalism, Jessica. It’s recklessness.”

You open your mouth, but she lifts her hand.

“No. Leave Kylie’s story to the professionals. You’re sticking with the Cliques article. End of discussion.”

Her eyes soften, but only slightly. “Learn this lesson now: a good reporter knows when to chase a lead—and when to step back.”

She straightens, the scent of ink and coffee lingering as she prepares to walk away.

“One more thing,” she asks suddenly. “How are you doing on your cliques article? Your deadline is fast approaching!”

Your notebook feels heavier than ever, its blank page mocking you with two words: *Cliques article.*

“Um,” you stall, pushing away the sting of her rebuke, trying to figure out what to say. You really ought to have been farther along on the piece than you are now. “I’m going to hit up the Blahs and the Death Eaters today. After that, I thought it might be a good idea to interview some of the Delinquents. Maybe Nyx. I’m sure he’s got some good stories.”

“Forget Nyx,” Ms. Chase says irritably. “He’s a stoner. Or worse. In fact, forget the Delinquents, period. We don’t need to glorify that kind of behavior in our paper.”

“But they’re a viable social group on this campus,” you protest, your journalistic integrity pushing you past the shame of just a few seconds before. “They have a voice! How can my clique story have any integrity if I leave out a fifth of the student population?”

“You make a valid point,” Ms. Chase says. “However, we might be a newspaper, but we’re also a school publication whose primary readership is made up of minors. I’m sorry, kiddo, but no Delinquents. Now get back to work.”

You sigh in frustration at the unexpected censorship. *She usually fights this sort of thing,* you think. *Maybe the principal has been coming down hard on her because of Kylie. The school’s reputation may be on the line.*

Consoled by those thoughts, you get back to planning your work.

*goto_scene section108
