*comment section191

Abbey fumbles with her phone, her hands trembling so hard she nearly drops it. “We have to call Garcia—now!”

You nod, clutching your notebook as Zack presses himself against the barn door, keeping watch. The line rings once, twice, and then Garcia’s tired voice cuts through the static.

“Detective Garcia—”

“It’s us!” Abbey blurts. “We’re at the MacReady Barn. There’s a trapdoor, voices underneath—”

But she doesn’t get to finish.

The barn doors slam open with a thunderous crack. A huge silhouette fills the doorway, blotting out the late afternoon light. He’s massive, shoulders like a wall, face shadowed under a low-brimmed cap.

You barely have time to scream before he moves.

Charlie goes down first, the man’s hand closing around his throat with impossible speed. A single jerk, a sickening snap, and his body crumples to the floor.

Abbey shrieks and tries to swing her phone at him, but he rips it from her hand and smashes it across her skull. Then he grabs her head and twists it with a sickening snap. She falls in a heap, unmoving.

“Run!” Zack shouts, shoving you behind him. He pulls his tire iron from his bag, swinging with every ounce of strength he has. The clang of metal against bone echoes through the barn, but the giant only grunts, unfazed.

With terrifying ease, the enforcer grabs Zack’s arm mid-swing, twists—and crack. His neck bends at an angle no human body should. Zack’s eyes go wide for a fraction of a second before he collapses beside Charlie.

You stumble backward, sobbing, the notebook slipping from your hands. “No—please—”

The man turns toward you, his eyes cold, and hefts Zack’s tire iron as though it weighs nothing.

The last thing you see is the gleam of metal arcing down. The world bursts white-hot, then begins to fade into blackness.

Through the ringing in your ears, you think you hear it—a familiar voice, smooth and venomous, cutting through the haze:

“Finish her.”

Ms. Chase.

And then, nothing.

The End.

*achieve tragedy_ending
*set endings +1
*set deaths +1
*goto_scene ending
