*comment section14

When you step into journalism class, Ms. Chase looks at you for a long moment and then walks to the front of the class to begin the morning meeting. Beginning with the feature articles and sports, she works her way around the news staff to discuss their progress. "Remember," she says, glancing at you sharply. "Your deadlines are at the end of the period. We have to give time for the editors to review your work before it goes to print on Monday."

By the time she comes to you, you are wiggling in your chair nervously, fingering the flash drive that contains your column. You wonder if she would be mad about including bits of Kylie’s story despite her instructions not to do so. Ms. Chase stands in front of Charlie as he silently hands in his photos on an SD card before finally turning to you.

"Well," Ms. Chase says, crossing her arms, "did you finish your story?"

"I did," you say confidently, handing over your flash drive.

The rest of the period is a nervous, waiting period, filled with reporters revising their work according to the editor’s directions or trying to fill in last-minute ad space with the local businesses.

You can tell that Ms. Chase is reviewing your column when she looks over at you significantly from beyond the monitor at her desk. Without waiting to be called, you walk to her desk and stand at attention until she looks up from your article.

Softly, she sighs. "Well," she says finally, "I see you have disobeyed my instructions not to write about Kylie Addams and not to include Nyx or any of the Delinquents… but what you have written is eloquent and shows a remarkable amount of character and class. And, considering the subject matter, remarkably free from scandal or libel. I can’t see how anyone might object to the content, all things considered. Well done," she says.

You beam broadly at your mentor, who looks at you with a penetrating gaze. "I trust this Kylie business is over now and that you will finally leave the matter in the police’s hands?"

You look at your teacher and nod quickly. "Of course," you reassure her. "I got the story I needed."

Ms. Chase continues to look at you intently for a moment before sitting back and relaxing into a small smile. "Good," she says, "It would be difficult for me to explain to your parents how I allowed their daughter to interfere with a police investigation."

You nod your agreement and smile back at her. Then Ms. Chase gives you a small frown. "Well, what are you doing standing around here? Go help your editor-in-chief get control of those type setters."

Quickly, you leave to assist with the completion of the paper, content now that Ms. Chase is satisfied with your work. Even still, the day drags on. Your mind is completely occupied with finding Kylie Addams.

The end of the day can’t come fast enough.

*set cool +1

*choice
  #You decided to tell the authorities about Jonas and Mackenzie embezzling booster club money.
    *goto_scene section86
  #You decided to ignore the crime or give Jonas a chance to confess.
    *goto_scene section16
