*comment section19

The next day at school, you gather your friends and tell them what you have learned.

“Wow!” says Abbey. “Nyx and Kylie? I can’t believe it!”

Charlie shakes his head. “I’m more interested in what kind of help a so-called Blah like Kylie could give to a Glitterati like Jonas.”

“I want to know how all of it fits together,” you say. “But I don’t have enough information yet. I’m planning on hunting Nyx down first, if I can, then seeing if I can corner Jonas alone somewhere and make him talk.”

Charlie holds up a hand, “Wait a minute, Jessi, you still have your cliques article to finish, and you know that Nyx and the Delinquents are off limits according to Ms. Chase. And she is going to kill you if you don’t make your deadline!”

You groan. You had almost forgotten about that column piece.

“Can I help?” a deep voice calls out.

You turn and find yourself face-to-face with Zack Jayson. You blush slightly. “Oh, hi Zack,” you say nervously. “I’m glad you’re here. These are my friends Abbey and Charlie.”

“Hi Zack!” Abbey grins delightedly.

“Sup?” asks Charlie with a slight grimace.

“Nice to meet you,” says Zack. Then he turns to you, “Kylie is my friend and I want to help her if I can.”

“Right,” you say. “I need you guys to find Nyx. He’s rarely seen in school these days, and we need to pin down his location. In the meantime, I will interview the Death Eaters and then try to get hold of Jonas afterwards. I have a feeling he is going to be a useful source of information.”

Your friends agree, and you all take off for your classes. At recess, you make your way to the Death Eaters' lair--the small, enclosed art garden of Madison High.

“Welcome to our abode, newcomer,” says a feminine voice as you enter the dimmed garden. All around are various sculptures, paintings, and show pieces of all kinds. The voice comes from a raven-haired beauty whose short, spiky hair is shaved on one side. Instantly, you recognize Keira Shannon, the leader of the Death Eaters. Her step-brother, River, is her co-leader. River steps beside his sister, and they both welcome you with a warm, black lip-sticked smile. Keira has a ring in her nose and one of her eyebrows. River has two in his lips.

“Thank you,” you say as you look around. Students of all kinds are dressed in a variety of styles, from Goth to punk to emo. You even see a few dressed in grunge. Between the clash of artistic styles and fashion statements, you can’t decide if you’re at a circus or a fashion bazaar. “I don’t think I’ve ever been in here before. It’s... ah... nice.” You switched the word at the last minute. You wanted to say something else, but figured that it wouldn’t be polite.

“Were you going to say freak show?” asks Keira directly.

You squirm a little. “No, not really,” you say quickly. “I was going to say overwhelming. There is such an abundance of styles here… It’s a little hard to take in. The only connection I can see between it all is the color black.” It’s true, you notice that everyone in here has at least one black item. Even the art garden has been dimmed so that shadows pervade every corner.

“That’s why they call us the Death Eaters,” says River, who easily towers over everyone in the room. He is dressed in an emo-style suit, and his eyes are outlined in black mascara.

You seize the opportunity. “Actually, that’s why I’m here,” you say, “I’m doing a piece on the school’s cliques and I’m trying to find out the impact they have on the student body. Would you guys mind if I interview you about the Death Eaters and what you’re all about?”

“What do you think, sis?” asks River.

Keira looks you up and down, before nodding to herself. “Okay, we’ll do it,” she says, “On one condition.”

“What’s that?” you ask.

“You have to be one of us for a day.”

“Um,” you say, “What do you mean by that?”

“You have to hang with us, dress like us, and see things from our perspective. Think of it as an anthropological experiment.” Keira raises an eyebrow and smirks, but not unkindly.

“On a day of our choosing,” adds River.

“Seriously?” you ask, somewhat taken aback.

“Do you want the interview or not?” Keira asks, crossing her arms.

What do you do?

*choice
  #Agree to Keira’s condition.
    *goto_scene section36
  #Refuse Keira’s condition.
    *goto_scene section42
